i don't like much to respond to dumb shits , esp during game

you can only continue your bullshiting , and if its not enough for you you can suck me humbly to keep your mouth quite

can you pls warn shuffle , he sending me private messages

fucking condom dancer in ass , think again if play for you is siting in base like shits in bottom toilet

stop spam satan shit sangoku

tell this to humans exciding lamerity level

keep save your pariture

this fucking licking own lack of balls shit

in your dumb ass

shout your fuck lame extrement

stfu you real smells like brainless shit go put your father from back shit

ok harry i tell you what when you evolve to shit it will be offence to real shit

number 1 gay in trolling and voting like raped ape , + gay how is your father when another man raped him and you borned ?

what game in your meaning game is trolling camping flying like shit then fapping in wc , and my friends want put me both at once in my ass and both are dead

to camp whole game lick stucked deeply with many cocks in mouth and cant move

you are so poor gay because someone raped you in ass ... now you making shit in revanger

but he is so shited in pants gay that he will love it when you own him from back

your gf hacked you in the back with long stick

stop cancel you pity shit one side admin gay

stop cancel you supporting shits fag

noob camp base as tyrant , castrate you with your massdrive hack

don't ask be smart do it on own

he gives you his banana in mouth too bad you still can cry , such multi tasking

shited in pants like gay

tempted to tell you what's so obvious in you but will not

hacker

stop camp you bunch of flying shits

camping cheating bitch in the forest

fat fart hiding below ledge

your skills are like your e6 color also gay

give holy anything he will rape it from back even your teddy bear

so you speak about girlfriens or about gayfriends ?

never blizz i'm afraid to lost my virgin ass when you come

stop speak to me like that i feel like gay

put this paint in your ass

i won't shut you up idiot read with good understanding what i said is stfu yourself

ignored

fast kill fucking lamer md shit

cheating admin scum

ignored effect don't need more listen to troll

being fucked by but is like give ass to gay

that you maybe was tyrant whore from the beginning of sucking in games and as you started sucking your mom tits all kn

shut up your fuck you duckhead troll , dicky cunt

press your lack of brain cock

noone helped except harry when this dickhead after he tk and bleed me , wanted to mute me , for nothing

you are just bunch of little cunts having admins to trolling and abusing

this server has only one rule ruin players games by dumb trolls admins

i will find a way to bring this shity server down , then you fucking trolls will have no place to doing your shit

i know why your clan name is similar to aids , because you are literally the same shit

this servers is for low iq shits having admin rights to fucking others games

shut your fuck lick ass in silent

i don't fucking care if you ban me or not piss on your fucking gay faces cunts

you are nothing to me just little shit having no skills so cheating like lame fuck , and you should lick shits asses more

yes harry go ahead with your shit maybe they promote you to full gay

shits have no balls only honour admin rights to abuse

too bad all must read this shit talk when we play

you have no batter place ? so i must ignore you both

salt your ass before you give your ass to him

go salt your ass before he rape your back again

fuck off lucifer gay

no that means you are not only stupid troll but lame pussy as well

when i see “><“ i know already i deal with troll but with this small "." addition it will be complete image of your shit

stop doing already idiot when vote is in progress and second let people speak after game

in this bed was your gay partner the same gay fuck as you are

you would not be so shity mouth if you not admin scum

sure you can be good even in this sucking cocks i have no doubt

if you ass licker press f1

no respect to scums having no balls than being rude to others family

you know what cerkits i would consider respect you if you are rude to me not to family you silly shit

aliasing pk dumb gay abuser

u should see brokeback mountain i bet josh.pk played there the first place role

josh pk gay @ brokeback mountain

you sure you are thunder and not little fart ?

you are already on my favourite innorite scums list

he's not jesus actually he's stupid admin abuser who don't know how to play this game without cheating

yes quandium i'm gay bot

will not play the same team with pk cunt triator

put this warning in your fuck lamer triator ass fuck

you fucking cunts did fucking nothing against shit voter

fuck you all shity dick

dick in your ass admins cunts

ninja lame cunt why you fuck did nothing when shit vote to spec me ? fuck off !

you are shit not admin allowing trolls move me to spectators and supporting gay girl voting against me

wtf with you are you admin or not ?

you will allow gay voters ?

sorry cloud checked if you are admin you can kick me now as well

you better not do shit to me , or i sawn your fucking base gay

now i have your real name ninja or maybe little shit troll

fuck you with your sorry shit , you abuse fuck , then you hide by alias

you will be demoted

pity that who you are already

wanna see decon ? join aliens

you're little shit not ninja , you dumb aliasing abuser fag

noone except that all will play without you shit being an admin

pick up a stick and put it into ass

you gay not hack

you tk me no reason fuck

not enough this server has poor connection

so admin abuser and so called hack who tk mates

if you can't handle so few players so why you keep this server up ? only to abusing ?

you camp noob not hack , and you tk mates on purpose

any admins download porns should be forced to watch gay movies

hacker got hacked with his lucifer in ass

ass licker

and you at all

stfu dumb parrot

dark fuck hacker massdrive aids

go go up on eiffel and jump and see you survive dumb

i already called local police office and told about what you doing

maybe whole $ clan are gays ?

i play this game quite short time but i already know two noob clans , which most of their members are trolls and jerks , the first place takes $ , then second shit is nos

ask xterminio he know that things quite well

there's no such word in human's language which can describe clearly how big shit your are xterminio

when he stopped camping base or near it then he started fucking fat ranting farter whore

gayomino shitemino mineto fucked in ass fart

this server would be really better place to play if more fair admins up on the server , like taylor

body invalid fuck you nigger shit pity fart lamer

one think you can only troll is your own stupid ass

who knows how kangoo farts can save the world ?

lol such noob , stay his back to me and turn around in second with md and hit

it's cheat , not skill

camping cheating crying at team noob

who has no balls pussy ? you cheating or me fighting ?

cheat as hell

nice camp , all the game

no fuck cunt , you not only camp , but you cheat like shit

lol whining ass and cheater lost game

can you shut up ? you are most annoying player here

i bet you are protected admin so high and troll mouth am i right ?

taith who can coordinate anything vs cheater ? and btw i bet protected by admin rights

sure ? check your cheat twice noob , and btw noone of admins should give protection to cheater and camper

so we need to ban you

only you , pussy

we can't you idiot , as one checked , you are admin

what fucking ever , stop making me angry

you are protected from kick shit , stfu now , and you fuck cheat

i don't know about what you speak of , fucking cunt

what i know you sucks in both camping and cheating

i can't even mute you shit , to not listen your fucking

stfu fuck

but he get bored by this cunt rain

i just like flowers

i so liked that humans camped whole game that i want niveus again

more i listen to shakira mix more it comes to my mind that i'm not only hungry but hungry of sex :)

why you give me evos ?

don't like gifts , they scares me , you never know what is in the package :)

in life face to face i would just punch you in face then cut your throat then bury you somewhere

no matter to which shit you rename yourself shit will stay the same = = shit

no it means u suck as admin

fuck this colors right before my face , disgusting

how so ? who sit in own base like raped girl ?

camping shit , hiding by rets

oh admin its explain why you so gay , and cry a lot :) , and you are who to give me commands ?

you don't want to know what some men do with their snikes , they roll it back between their legs hiding in tie pants make make up going at the streets and search for another man

you dark and stink like nigger aids

if you want i can bang you in ass , troll

shit not lord camping dick

e6 is dumb dick all should agree

yay you gay

woodbury noob attacking ass , now trolling camping lame cunt

honor admin rights cunt camp attacking ass then tyrant noob shit

i will post that you are shit incompetent noob camping gay , not deserving admin fucked in ass troll

seriously admin cunt , switch off this long hitbox

camping uter fuck lamer , and such shit is admin

which one of hivs you are ? shuffle ?

so shame of you i thought you are better player , not such coward

fuck off with your gg fucking aids

you are as your name unskilled camping retard gay

tyrant camping most game time

better learn how to fucking play not camp most game time like raped in ass shit now fucking stfu scum

you are bullshit yourself uter camping noob gay

no place for coward retard camping whole games

i will decon u then , you fucking gay voter

if vote pass your base will be no more , idiot

you fucking shit scum ckit , i shit on your gay face fuck

dutch pussy pussy pussy shit on your gay face scum

such coward got raped in ass being young , so now sit in home scared

i always know that dutch people have no dicks instead they cheat and camp

stfu you dumb lame fuck from gay clan

buy balls first camping 30 minutes shit

because you are pussy ?

yeah sure , balls to what ? to give them licked by nos member for membership ?

so do it , i'm not you pet

shut fuck troll

so now nos talk bullshit and camp all game even in sd and troll and you call it play ? so i know all about your lack of skills , and trolling behaviour lamer

siting by corner fat gay

nothing will heal your lack of balls scum

i think that all in your neiberhood punch you in face everyday effect that's why you are so stupid troll in this game

effect you are so weak pussy prove i evade anything here lame bitch

you have already something in your mouth deal with it first

no hide by boxes move you fat ass and grab some naked fresh meat

want perma ban troll scum ? if not stfu

wanna bet ? wait about half an hour , you will see scum

i will decon your base fucking gay admin shit troll , if you kick me no reason

i have no respect to stupid admins trolls fucks

fuck you with your sry , another idiot make me no money

shut your mouth dumb troll , you should not be even l2

gtfo gay voter

rinspeed please shit on plate . put in microwave , make rice and there you go takeaway for retard like you

rinspeed = fuck that retard and put in microwave ... fuck it and eat it , rinspeed woooooooooooooooo woooo woooo

shit on plate with rice for takeaway and piss in coffee for costa , rinspeed pollack fuck

i'm homo erectus and you are half brained ant , who is better ?

good to see you here shuffle

i will camp all games vs you if you not drop cheats

lame fuck

where is this admin from ? he don't want even to reply me

fucking coward only cancel votes

he is from dumb admin troll letting people cheat because i have no idea how to catch cheater.com

he again is using my name .

megamedic such lamer camper and fuck is admin , unbelivable

you are lame pedophile

all gays are proud of you , fucking pussy

so agree in your toilet , there you belongs , shit

wonder who made admin such shity coward , i bet that another coward and gay

this server is place for noob cowards gay admins

can you put in gay ass more with this vote scum ?

again this italian coward

fucked in ass gay

thug what rofl fucked in ass gay , who know only how to abuse on his gay server , and say something about this bitch thug

he will mute you for nothing fucking gay

i know your skills you are skilled in taking or putting in ass

niggerlips " stupid jew go back to israel " :) , that's what he sends me :)

what you not understand in " he send me " ? dumb greek

your mouth is anus

only what you are able to fuck is your gay father's ass which also rapes yours

shit only camp md

did he deconned you ? is so then so sweet , you will stop camp , sand nigger

and me not , many cowards trolls and dumb fucks , similar like in life

he is dumbass lamer troll

bobbit , why you stoped camp ? fat bonker

said new comer dumbass , and i don't care how long you played go back to your truck , ops base

yes his balls are so small , but his mouth is so big

he is not , get back to your truck

yes you be silent or i please bother with your execution

get back this gay cock in mouth and stfu in your truck truck

read your fucking console and see who wrote this about children , fuckedhead jinsu

antraeon you recompensate yourself lack of dick or vagina with dumb voting

next time i will fuck up his base , you will see how he will cry

you lie and troll

stfu fucked in ass fuck

there's no more dumb shit than effect on this server

because you are big lamer , it's not first game when you only camp

$ suck gay cocks pls , and leave me alone

dumb $ troll as fuck

suck me $ gay

lol fat moron raped by marader :)

stop camp all game you piece of shit

trem2016 fucked in ass gay

how me is noob if it is you who spend whole game in your base pussy ?

for me you are only poor king of shit

[ the king ] of shit

fuck off dawn , he spam my prive so i will spam as much as i want

the king of shit , simply camper noob

as you are gay pollack as you admit in your name it is obvious to me that you are gay , and spend all free time in gay bars

gay sex is like you dumb pollack also dumb go catch aids

not enough being pollack being gay also is so sad

seems that germans didn't the job well not gassed all pollacks now we have gay pollacks

effect of being gay is camping games

fuck off bitch finishing others kills scum

tk on purpose me afk in base

you and your whole admins team is just little trolls and shits

then go kill yourself in life useless trolling big shity fuck

woodbury big shity fuck

said pimp lol shut up you old preak transvertite

srsly a gay who controls prostitutes and arranges clients for them will not tell us which map to play

fuck off camping shit

siting game in base shit

team triator and camping scum

general triator camp wearing suit

even this triator general switched to humans and camped wearing suit they lost :)

fuck off you fat bitch

we only feed this fat tyrant lamer

protein shut up you gay lame mouth

rhez and where's your gg if you just spend whole game in your base noob ?

fuck off lame retard , stay in base if you are retard

sir maz a.k.a. traitor

yeah if stronzo means gay

gtfo team triator shit , gay voter pollack scum , polish scum

gtfo with your vote mega imbecile

no you can't you have no dick

you can try with mega imbecile he is as dumb as you are

blocking shit

btw look closer at his hiv in name , only idiot with brain defect can add hiv to name

stfu imbeciler

stfu gay lamer

gay nos lamer stick truck up ass

blizz lamer , not enough tyrant he flanking like lamer

big shit

blizz you big lamo

blizz tyrant and need flanking to kill someone

blizz noob

italian gay

what a shit

blizz italian gay

why you are so dumb dr. , altair already told you why you want someone to suck you in game ? even if there is something to suck , asking about in game is pointless

because he is a nigger you know :)

i see no team for me in one is obvious gay want people to suck him in game in another is nigger with trolling addiction :)

look in mirror and at your colors , who's gay here ?

yeah sure , you ask people to suck you in game

your name looks like girl's name

you call polls like true gay , if someone needs more proves you one the one

fuck off blizz ! gay cock's sucker

let see how you will cheat now

cheat now

big shit pussy camp all game , noob troll fuck coward camper

you fucking gay , pussy troll scum

lame big shit , all fuck you in ass in your neiberhood

being raped in ass everyday a week that's why you're so pussy

your clan is shit

admin don't even cancel vote and this idiot is insulting my mother

and you trying to revange on truck's tyrant that your team are cowards

tired of you shit botter

mummi suck in your aimbot and keep your lamer mouth silent

now cheat shit

mummi your aimbot is more smart than your replies

you can like to anyone else but you will not deceive me fucking aimer

lsd members i wonder when it would be when you at least at least preliminary english

i feel like a messiah who lead many to rise and rise with they intellect though not all can follow me fast enough

fake fat shit , fat noob

rest a bit from being big shit

mute this shit

maybe have a small break from camping flanking tyrants ? faking fk membership , or maybe he's real fk faking polish name , but still he really sucks

sure you are , except it is podolski you stupid ass , and not pedolski , you idiot , and btw podolski sold his ass to earn money in german , so he is more or less the same shit as you are betrading his country and you just attack enemy ass and camp tyrant , noob

to me you looks both lame shits , even french player had more balls than you , zidane , at least he punched enemy in face , not like you pedo

when i see fk it makes me sick

you better stfu fucking pussy , faker

i asking myself why i even bother to comment your silly fake name , you disgusting shit , and what i decon being spectator ?

for the vote to kick me with fake reason

helper you really sucks and all other admin to let him kick me with fake reason

bb fucking troll

keep unbaning this shit

fucking gay sit by corners or in base tyrant camper noob

ban without any true reason

hi , as i have discussed it with cron , here is the link : trem issues to the imgur album , which includes the images , that prove the issues with three admins maejong , fk|ckit , and effect . the issues are as follows : abusing , provoking in private message , ban without reasons ( or with fake reasons ) , all of this without providing any evidence of : decon , base tk , or any other malicious actions . they can't provide you with any evidence , because they have nothing , i simply don't decon , don't tk base , and don't evade - there's nothing to evade from my side , since they just lie , and ban unexpectedly in the middle of a game , or at the end of it , or even if i simply watching the games as spectator ... there are also several screenshots , that show how big idiot is maejong , and probably he must be sick in mind , or being stoned , when connected to the server , just see for yourself what idiotic comments he wrote . this screenshot proves , that maejong unban the player , who called a vote to kick me without any good reason , just for fun . there's also one screenshot , which shows , that fk|ckit supposedly did a mistake , and write to my prive , with a message , that proves , he was seeing to ban me once another time for no reason ...

big noob lamer

lamer only camping and tyrant

lamer tyrant all the time screw you with your gg noob

team of idiots really

rantraeon it seems you not sucked your mother breast enough being child you still sound like pain in ass , since you ranting like lamer

!admintest : player69 is level 9 admin ( addictive abuser )

tked our base tk me and changed to enemy / aliens

fucking lamer player and stupid troll

muller lame / dumb pussy tk base / mates and change to enemy

writing to my prive without my allowance

you will not get bored so fast you hard be bored having fresh man everyday , not like you having one man you are a couple few years then those rings spend a lot of money just to sing up a pact with a devil , and getting more and more annoyed and bored till your sad death

trying put ckit in my ass

ssingh poor lamer pussy and abuser jealous that others have more hot meals than him

ssingh will be nice to see you without your precious admin xd

who said you i'm bro with pussy and shit like you ?

yeah for sure you get admin for free instead of hot meals poor lame pussy

light blue is for young adepts but it looks ok dark blue is for more experienced men and purple is for men with broken balls

i mean when men can't ejaculate penis is like soft vagina and all you have is to jump from high building , to end your poor life , so leave this purple for old men close to death , and don't listen to your leader about this purple thingy if he want to see you all wearing this color i don't want to see his flat

hello , i was playing today on the grangerhub server , a player with name mae disturbing me play - all the time getting in way , blocking , not allowing me to play in peace , so i called a vote to kick him . the admin from fk clan , called hero canceled my vote . i started to complain about it , and told him , that i will report about , and he banned me :( please help .

maebong - spam private chat , evade ignore , disturbing play , insulting

hi , my in game name is felix . i'm reporting player maebong for the following malicious behaviour : 1. spamming private chat , 2. evading ignore with reconnect , and spamming again , 3. disturbing me play with : spam my private chat , joining my team , blocking on purpose , and bleed , 4. insulting , and immoral proposals - as you can see yourself in the below images . the link to 31 screenshots . as you can see in image 15 , i even tried to kick him eventually , but admin blizz canceled the vote . during the issue , there were two admins on the server : {$}blizz&truth and megamedic ( i know he is an admin also - i have seen him running !allready ) , and i have asked both of the admins to help me , unfortunately all for nothing , only the first admin canceled my vote , and in the end i decided to leave the server :(

so you are this maebong player ? it's not surprise to me , good to know , since you have changed your name in circle , and reconnected multiple times , only to continue spam and insult me in private chat again . and what i evade in particular ? please provide any honest evidence , or you will be recognised as a liar , and malicious person , which again would be not surprise to anyone , who will see the above images .

as you can see ( i assume , that you are not blind , and if you are , then sorry , but it's honestly not my problem ) , another player reported you for one of the same reasons i did . in the second link , there's again another player , who claim to be banned by some admin , and again you are there as the culprit , so please stop trolling , and providing unrelated links , unless you want only to add more proves about yourself , that you are obviously malicious person .

hey , are you ( sorry to say that , but if this is you , so you are really stupid or mistaken ) this stupid admin , who banned me just about 30 minutes ago , and btw why the hell you write my name in quotes ? provide any evidence , that i deconned something ( which to be honest you can't , because i did not ) or you simply will be seen as a liar .

i voted for the right person , i check his port number , since he reconnected all the time . until the time before , when you provide any true , and honest evidence , which support your claim , that i was banned by you , and / or did something malicious ( which you can't , because i don't evade , and didn't decon anything ) , you will simply look like liar and abuser , who ban and accuse people , without any evidence of their actions .

oh really , and by we , you mean yourself ? so here you are so wrong , the rules on the server apply to all , without exception ( including you ) , and if you think different - as you write above : " against you we do not need any evidences " , then perhaps the owners , and other high admins : romdos , dgr8lookinsparky , globalwarming , wogomo , virus , shuffle , ckit , should consider removing of your admin rights on the server ?

and you still bawl , mocking , and trolling kid ? do you speak about the individual , pretending to be nazi , and hitler's lover - " aidsolf hivtler , proud fuhrer of hiv clam " , and who bans whole subnets , just because he's lazy , and clumsy hypoplasia , who can't find the real guilty ? oh please , do not make fool of yourself more , and don't make me laugh even harder ...

hi , my in game name is felix . i would like to make big complain about idiot admin called maejong . about 15 minutes ago i have played a game on grangerpub , and when it ended i have been unexpectedly banned by him for seven days :( he provided a reason , that i decon something , but i didn't decon anything , so please help me guys , ask him about any proves ( honest evidence ) , because either he is mistaken , or he is just a liar .

listen to me , abuser : unless you provide any true , and honest evidence , that proves your claiming , that i got banned , or deconned anything ( which you can't , because i wasn't banned , and i didn't decon anything ) , you will look like a stupid asshole , who ban and accuse people without any evidence of their actions . but what else to expect from one , who pretend to be nazist , and hitler lover " aidsolf hivtler , proud fuhrer of hiv clam " , not mention your avatar ...

that is not true , i will repeat myself again : " listen to me , abuser : unless you provide any true , and honest evidence , that proves your claiming , that i got banned , or deconned anything ( which you can't , because i wasn't banned , and i didn't decon anything ) , you will look like a stupid asshole , who ban and accuse people without any evidence of their actions . but what else to expect from one , who pretend to be nazi , and hitler lover " aidsolf hivtler , proud fuhrer of hiv clam " , not mention your avatar ... " . not my names , not my ip addresses , i don't decon , i wasn't banned , there was no reason to ban me . just a quick search of your name , and it looks like i'm not the only one , who is complaining about your stupid banning of players , and ridiculous behaviour : " the issues are as follows : abusing , provoking in private message , ban without reasons ( or with fake reasons ) , all of this without providing any evidence of : decon , base tk , or any other malicious actions . they can't provide you with any evidence , because they have nothing , i simply don't decon , don't tk base , and don't evade - there's nothing to evade from my side , since they just lie , and ban unexpectedly in the middle of a game , or at the end of it , or even if i simply watching the games as spectator ... " . only three of the images , from the link above: is that how an admin suppose to behave , really ? no comments , unbelivable ...

noob ssingh desala player

fuck off

one last time - what do you not understand in : any true , and honest evidence , which proves your claim , that i decon anything , and got banned for that ? you can't prove it , because you have nothing , which could confirm your allegations , and without that , you just look like abuser and liar , with your empty words , and unrelated links . what you proved only so far is , that you are lazy and clumsy hypoplasia ( which you have proved also here ) , that just because you do not have the skills , to catch the real perpetrator ( guilty ) , so you connect to the server , just to add a ban for all ip addresses in a subnet ( as last , and clumsy bungler ) , and what is even worse and the reprehensible rudeness , that you not provide any obvious , and credible evidence , that i or any other innocent player from that range did something wrong , and instead of that , you just ban the other players , which are not related to this case at all .

i don't really know , why i bother myself to reply to you , but ok , no problem : these are just cropped images ( not retouched at all ) from the screenshots - please have a look here , to see them all . you should read the whole story , before you attempt to accuse anyone in the future , and in case , that you still have your doubts :

you have provided " decon " as the reason for the ban , so i ask you the last time : what exactly according to you has been deconned , and what proofs do you have , that i did it ? you do not have such proofs , because they do not exist , so you can't ban me with reason , that i decon anything . is that clear for you now , you blockhead ?

the true is you bitch just are to lame to get proper kills without tyrants , then you come with your tyrant and you think you are so high :)

do not introduce yourself , for me better name for you is silly gay

stupid votes to kick and mute without good reasons , i will tell other admins monster that you support this shit , for your shit votes shit

hi maejong , if he is a player using names aaron and nos ( maybe also other aliases ) , then he was behaving really bad to me . i was spectating games and making comments , and he without any good reason called votes to mute me first which not passed , and then a vote to kick me which passed , and i was kicked without reason . when i came back , i called a vote to kick him , but it didn't passed . i joined aliens and started playing , he started to bleed me and tk another player , and again called a vote to kick me , so before the vote passed i deconned his base for unfair votes . i cannot spectate and making comments , or even play in peace on the server , without being muted or kicked by him without any good reasons , so why he would play or even sit on the server , and disturb other players , trolling , and call stupid votes ? before he started to call those votes , i was just spectating and commenting the games on the server , you can ask about confirmation another players , like : stoneed , duicrazy , lurker , and others .

now i feel like alice in the wonderland after this conversation about holes , yeah holly follow the rabbit and you will end with something in the wrong hole

lucky luke banned why ?

hey , i'm from manassas , va . a guy told me , that i should write here about that i got banned . i was playing in humans team and one of the players from the team , named vittu came back to base , and started shoot me , i asked him why , and if he can stop it , and when he didn't listen , i started to complain about it , and one admin named hero ( as shown below ) has banned me without any particular reason . can someone unban me , please ? by the way , you have wrong spam filter for the registration of an account . cheers , lucky luke .

hi ckit , i don't use vpn or proxy it's my isp ip address .

aimer noob , i will make sure you lose immunity cheating noob

cheat now shit

your immunity will be removed and you will be banned for that shit

too dumb to mute people no reason

want to me vote to you unfair stiffan ? he voted to mute me to no reason , so i will start decon

stupid troll provoking people to doing bad things

they are valid even more i got muted two times without good reasons and this shit still not punished

idiot , stiffan tk me first so i killed rc for that , so fuck you with stupid votes , will decon for every shit

gay troll causing people doing bad

hitting shit and you will smell the same so be careful

so humans it's your destiny to lose because stiffan idiot brought on you bad carma , so stiffan next time you tk me when i respawn your rc is going down again

registering name you fucking capital letters dumbass not protect you from being kicked for shit votes , fucking troll

i will make you banned fuckhead

good shit left , wanted to try to mute gay again

italian shit even your girls rape your ass pussy

italians pussies even your girls have bigger dicks than you

server without admins with one asshole protected with admin flag to let shit cheat and camp and tall shit

you just sucks noob without your aimbot that's why you fail so badly

stfu camping cheating shit

on time , just wanted to feed humans , lame bitch , abuse more and -6 level down to zero as you are null nothing zero abusing shit

i must hold your goon ass from back to allow you get a kill , wtf ?

punky i do not even approached your balls or ass , why you crouched ?

stfu virgin

yeah i must apologise admin you know he is so proud 6l abuser , or he kick me or worse

fuck ing overpowered cunt , nice fly back noob ? you not even put your nose out of base in hall , and you just spam

i told you already you sucks , if not your aimbot and protection you would be nothing more than another noob , but to me even with your aimbot and protection you are lamer

noone of cheating fags should have immunity

immunity is for fair players and nice ones , not for you , noob

want lose immunity for trying to force others to tell you their personal details ?

you see ? he not deserve

sucking cocks lamer hehe , another attempt to mute me without really good reason , gj keep this up , soon you i will be able to kick you or mute back for your stupid votes and cheat

in which way and swearing is allowed here , even i did , read fucking rules bitch , before you get admin

so how i offended you noob ? you are bad at all , go kill yourself

punky read !info rule 9 , and as i told you already twice you sucks without your aimbot

i violation nothing , i just got abused , by l6 admin , and btw how rule 8 is my problem ? idiot xeno

you said i have to know rule 8 , are you drunk shit ? and i'm not violation rule 4 dumber i not pestering anyone , just punky is fucking aimboter protected by immunity flag and you are just little fucked in ass troll , who want to kick or mute someone for telling you true

i will provide evidence of your cheat to server admins , and besides aimboting and being protected for no reason you call vote to mute and kick me several times without knowing server admins

if you know them you would fucking not call stupid votes against me

not you now stupid troll

fuck off xeno , you are nothing than pity troll

go die on your toilet punky gay

punky king of wc killed by his aimbot on own toilet

do you feel terrorised by donald trump in your country ? it seems to be putin's image in us

wtf my rules idiot troll ? i provided you already with enough informations and proved you wrong , wtf you want from me now ? have you read server rules and that what i provided you in particular or not ? read them , and fucking leave me alone troll

i don't fucking care about you and your heart , fuck off

admin coward not doing his job besides muting me , and it's abusing

anal in your ass

alpha fucking gay moron admin can't revert glitching shit fuck you alpha dumb ape

gay black ape , getting dicks in anus

admins morons here can't fucking revert glitching builds

stfu rolling shit gay , you are nothing to me , than dumb shit

you and your alpha gay mate are both fucking dumb apes putting dicks each other in asses

so fucking called alpha and you are not even close to z , imbecile

who the fuck gave admin rights to dumb apes ?

here we go keep abusing with unreasoning kicks and give more stupid reason in kick and be demoted like stupid ape , sir ghost shit

dumb fucked in asses apes

i will tell higher admins about your stupid abusing

fuck you in ass

sir ghost alias dumb ape abusing admin rights fuck you cunt => dumb fucked in ass ape alpha is an admin

stfu gay , go kill yourself

fuck off shit

dumb french gay apes

now i know why there's so many black french shity apes in france , you got raped by apes

will see how will be so funny when you both will be just players and no admins anymore dumb fucking gays apes

french bitches giving asses to everyone for free

fuck bird in ass

afraid to lose after kick me i joined humans so evolved to tyrant , fucked in ass shit

ink are you cowboy or what ? why in ass ? i bet you rape bulls in asses , fucking gay

i have only one concept for you shit : kill yourself before others kill you

u will be banned forever , cheating shit , cron and sparky are my friends

i will post about your trolling blocking on purpose and kick me without true reason , plus let them know in the report that you take drugs when you administrate the server

so , this was a player call sir|rapist * when i went spec he changed the sir tag . i recorded the moments , then tryna talk cool to him , " kid , don't use drugs ... " while everybody complaining ... he just replied shit ... lately almost all sir i spec seems using some wallhack or whatever . the point is i know they all come back from a ban and the game actually its emptying out . but we need be fair with those who still wanna play for fun . we need more admin in spec to make this game survive these hard times

when i see chasing you human will also not help you

you can suck me aimboter troll , decision not depends on you to who give admin rights

admin keep trolling you will be not only demoted but banned , all is recorded

stop disturbing me play admin troll , you will be true trash after they demote you

in your ass troll , stfu

want to join to my report ? if not the shut your troll mouth

can one of other admins warn this shit cleanharry to stop annoying me and disturbing game ?

you don't have your own live that you bother yourself with other people lives ? or you just telling us your imaginated stories to pay attention

you will not escape from removing your admin rights now , silly aimboter , gj

you will just play silly as you are with your aimbot but without admin rights , and not even l2 , and when you continue aimboting you will be banned like usual ordinary shit

admins must see your base tk on purpose , it will be another case to ban you for 14 days

fuck you , you stfu scum , you are nothing

another shit face will see god's light

now sad news also to world not only to tremulous

and luffy you are coward afraid to fuck women so you fuck your fat son ass as true chicken

you can't fuck any woman you forgot where vagina lies

you fucking so many men asses , now you only know one hole , the hole in your son's ass

lamer luffy when losing game back to his bed and crying continue to fuck his fat son ass

luffy only dreaming about hot wet pussies when sucking gay cocks and raping his fat son ass

better you demoted , and you will be

now you know why you lost game blizz shit i will do this everytime until you stop abusing or lose admin

abuse your admin rights more i need more evidence to remove your admin

jio admin aliasing , so coward , shit hiding by admin rights with 3 letter alias

i can understand troll 3 letter shit like bah , but you admin ? why you have to hide by 3 letters like a dick ?

as troll bah as admin coward

ban admin troll for aliasing like coward and ban bah or at least mute shit , and all will be cool

admins here prefere to aliasing with 3 letters then do they job

i will make you banned , and this other cunt

u and this other shit will be removed admin rights and banned here , u will see

u will never get back admin rights here shit

u both shits will be banned and first demoted unresponsible dick , want to bet with me dick ?

you fuck not deserver to be any kind of admin you trolling extincted shit scum

you will regret your shit bitch together with this shit another cunt lamer like you , you fucking cunt

yes you did no lie shit , be man , or i fucking tk you and your whole troll family , shit

you see guys ? shit is shit , ban it

i will cut in half your whole family detox

you will not find a way to be an admin here anymore when i report you and this other shit to owners

i will fucking record and shot all your lame abusing and trolling and base tk , and i have already many proofs for you and this other scum , to make you both demoted and banned

u will not escape this i swear you , noone will save you troll ass this time

deconner denelson seuza

hello , november 23 we had deconner on the server - denelson souza . images are posted in reverse order , click back arrow to see all screenshots . maybe you can track him down and ban .

pause , deconned

yes , server sucks

arlyn decon on purpose and left server

hello , another day ( nov 4 ) another deconner - arlyn joined aliens , deconned our overmind , and left the server . i wish you can watch him closely on the server , and try to ban next time he decon again .

two malicious players giant nigger and enneract

hello , report about issues from 22 to 24 november - players giant nigger and enneract . we had deconner on the server , giant nigger deconner rc and other things ( serveral times , when he came back to the server after being kicked off ) . ( 9 images click on left right arrows to see previous next image ) . as you can see giant nigger deconned rc and other things several times , even he got kicked off , he back and decon again . regarding enneract , two problems : 1. persistent spam in pm , evading ignore several times , and flooding pm again , and again ( can't mute or eventually kick him , because he seems to be protected player with l2 , or an admin ) , 2. trolling about decon , ghosting ( telling aliens to attack humans , when they have been deconned several times ) . perhaps you can watch both of malicious players , ban giant nigger when he decon again , and consider to remove admin lvl from enneract ?

request for unban new player can’t connect to your server

hello guys , i'm trying to connect to your server , and a message appears : you have been banned by {$}blizz&truth reason: -1day -r bye ... permanent , and why i'm banned ? i'm new player and have never played on your server so far . could you check this , and remove ban to allow me to play on your server ? my ip address is 139.59.x.x .

admin blizz&truth several issues - abusing , lame admin ( fail revert )

hi, i'm quite new player ( not so much advanced ) , but playing on the server few times , i have experienced few issues with admin blizz&truth . 1. when you tell him , that he plays like a lamer , he rename you and set you l1 . isn't this abuse of admin rights ? ( nov 5 ) , 2. spamming / flooding in pm is against server rules ( nov 12 ) , 3. really clumsy , and poor admin : we have played a game , and during it armory was team killed , and gues what he did ? instead of reverting this armory, he totally messed up with our builds , he reverted all the shit randomly ... there was another admin on the server - effect[ebsf] , but he seemed to be also clumsy admin , and also kind of troll , because all what he did was checking build log few times , and called strange poll , in which he suggested , that we like lame admins . 4. mute without warning , and not providing any reason , revoking build rights - also in this case without reason ( nov 19 ) . here , you can see the pictures showing the issues : .

troll who abuse admin rights , noob who stupidly " revert " ( remove ) all structures , which were constructed by team , and therefore ruins other players games , moron flooding pm , who also rename players to other names and set them l1 , to be honest should not be an admin on the server .

greco there is no more gay than you today , on the server

no insult stop being priest , wtf behave like a man , not a plebanian gay , and what education has common with being man ? maybe you want some sex lessons ?

how much your life might be poor that you have to troll in game ? :)

admin kick abuse

hopes this admin would not violate players and stops being a pushover .

i need a reply from any other admin , if can . this is a complain for admin kick abuse , dear if there is anyone else than the person of interest .

hello all , forum admin will have my address . please cross check it with the known user with which the post was painted red then " validate " my report of admin abuse . please . its possible . i use the same connection for game play so it should be easier to view in log as well . this is primarily about the instance i was kicked w/o provoking from one of your servers by one of your admins [ {$}blizz&truth ] . img attached above . p.s. i also sincerely request head admin , or who ever is paying , to make admin appoints learn the utility of the cmd . for example ; [ 11th november 2016 20:54 ist +5:30 gmt ] this whole game was reduced to him alone . his admin power fail reverts the builds / destroyed in human team . then to make up for the fail cmd he team kills aliens structure . [ line 94 , 103 , 104 ] all in sudden death . thanks for reading .

admin blizz&truth abusing on server granger hub

hi , i didn't find section for grangerhub server and to report about admin abuser , so i write here about this . today , just several minutes ago we were connected to granger hub server , and admin blizz&truth started kicking many of us one by one , giving ridiculous reason to move to another server . what on earth is that ? i have never experienced such kind of abusing of admin rights ever in my games . seriously dudes what is going on here ? screenshots : 1. 2. and after i said that blizz&truth is abuser i was kicked off as well .

that is epic but fail map

oh abuser here , will post it on forums with pleasure

report admin ghost and malicious player aimbotsusersarelame

hello , i file a report and my complaint about admin ghost , who is abusing admin rights . today , about one hour ago we played a game on the server . one player , using name aimboterusersarelame ( or something like that ) was instantly blocking and bleeding us on purpose . i asked him to stop doing this , but he didn't listen , and continued blocking and bleeding even more , and therefore i called a vote to move him to spectators . admin ghost canceled the vote , and let the player doing his troll job again . after a while , i said " i warned you " ( to this malicious player ) , and i called a vote to kick him eventually . admin ghost ( who by the way used an alias ddict , i suppose just to hide his registered admin name , and to support this malicious player ) canceled my vote , and kicked me from the server . when i came back , the player started to bleed me again , and again , so i killed him for that , and guess what happened next ? ghost banned me for 7 days , providing reason " go for it ... " ( because i said , that i will file a report about him supporting malicious player , and playing unfair against me with his admin rights ) . after few minutes , i tried to connect to the server again , and guess what ? the ban was removed ! could you check the server logs , which should confirm i'm telling the true , and consider to remove admin rights from admin ghost , please ?

cheater

cheater will be reported to admins

go try it elsewhere , cheat is not allowed

go try it bot elsewhere , will not feed aimboting player

recorded your cheat , thank you you will be banned

you really have to cheat to kill ? want me to report you ?

gtfo lamer

troll vote , for specing our leader in troll vote shit

look now , fuck you troll , that is what you get for stupid troll voting against leader , bitch

ban advanced granger

less then zero troll , racist

appeal to unban - banned no proof / not right reasons

hi , yesterday i played on your server ( map atcs , human team ) , and when i defended our base , i threw a grenade toward a tyrant , and it bounced back from him end exploded near arm . out of the sudden i was banned by admin bird , with time period permanent , and reasons " trigg and basenade " . what trigg , what is this ? please unban me , because as i have described it above , it was accident .

so far you only fucking fucking and omfg so surprising fucking , but using your mouth

lol idiot , not true , you tk me first then i tk you accidently

you know what troll ? you should not be l2 so that would be fair to kick you or at least mute for 1. bleed builder in base 2. tk and bleed and trolling , unfair

i'm tired of you blocking retard

you are in another team , and immunity , another unfair vote

fuck you shit nsa , you are just stupid moron with l2

wtf ? fuck you dicks for stupid kick , next vote which is unfair i also press f1

stfu aliasing moron troll fuck , you have no own clan troll fuck so you sill fake membership

aiming shit , no clan no skill so faking *<{ and aimbotng the same shit as this blizz gay

butt stfu fucked in ass troll faking clan member and aimboting

lol he make himself busy with pm me and warn with his cum shit , and lost the game , i will make special thread on forums about it :)

fuck off cleanharry shit

fuck off cleanharry shit fbi in your house for drag deal

admin supporting team bleeding and attempting to tk mates trolls

not you shit , it was about harry , you shut your fucking mouth gay , go back to your slave job at your street ass giving shit

i can set him lvl appropriately , level of lamer who need punishment

do not fucking give ass to lisk pedo

camping shit , thug fuck you , i'm not gay , gay voter

nobody care about member of gay clan and your votes and what you think , people play a game quite a long time and you vote evacuation you noob

fucking aimer can't play without cheating , and without camping all game tyrant , negros lamer

fuck off cheater , instant hit you not even see me

sword fuck off cheater ass licker black shit

vote to mute me no reason

fuck off shit admin

fuck off shit admin he voted to mute me without any reason , where you was then ?

fucking one side gay admin

report to other admins about rhez admin he supporting unfair voter thug which muted me no reason , he not deserve to be admin here he support one side troll thug

thug.nos voted to mute me without reason i got muted half game because of that , and now rhez admin idiot cancel my vote to mute thug for that

screw you rhez noob admin one side shit , other admins will know you support troll voters

rhez is a dick not admin support troll voters , your lose admin will be passed also as easy , scum

gay admin supporting troll from gay clan nos , bet lick dicks each other by corners

rhez is gay

rhez is gay whore licking dicks at the streets , wait to be demoted gay supporting shit

play alone nos gay , gay voting pedo fuck

will file a report about you rhez that you allow gay trolls mute me no reasons

hate admins with retardation syndrome due fucked up game base kill and this retard pause after few minutes

so far i blame you are retarded

i started to play one fucking game today and you revert and pause after few minutes

fuck you and your vote

fuck off scum

shooting people on base

fuck off , scum

you not lost admin so far ? wait few days , useless shit

dicky admin lost a game how sweet

burrito coward i see your game play is the same as your color also bitten balls ?

flying puss with bitten balls

burrito if you know nothing about cheaters and or you want to protect them for some reason you should not be any level admin

i will report you cancel vote immediately and not cheat him

i will give you my finger so far and reporting you noob admin and this cheater

shut your purple mouth gay

admin burrito is abusing admin rights in many ways since several days today he proved he is moron again

only two reason seems to be here to prove your dumberity

one tip from me ( honest one no trolling included ) maybe if you are so lonely dark.lonely as your name says , maybe you should go outside more and meet more people

you know why jerk , pity bitch , stop bleed and tk people on purpose

fucking scum maybe we will tk you for fun ? how about that ?

useless bleeding shit , fuck off , or next bleed = kick , troll fuck

fuck off from here scum , useless trash , stfu shit

lamers voted for it to mostly camp in base

take in ass in silent woop woop

scum

scum protecting silly trolls

when i meet another admin i will tell him you protect trolls

scumbag pity lamer

next round you are kicked off exekiel , for intentional tk , scum

hard belive so noob team , so much feed

first learn to play and not feed much in this simple map

wtf with you ?

already md , who the heck feed it ?

barely 2m , stop feed

gtfo aimboter

no admin here ? you really let aimboters ?

your admin rights should be removed if you don't see obvious aimboter

i will wait for higher admin than you and report you and this aimboter king , so eventually you will be demoted and aimboter banned

if you don't have enough experience to recognise aimboting player ask more advanced admins for help

it is completely not fair to let aimboter cheat

i am quite experienced player to be able to recognize obvious aimboter

rhez your admin rights should be removed if you don't see obvious aimboter

i will wait for more experienced and sane admin than you rhez and ask him to help me with this case

if you don't have enough skills to recognize cheater learn more advanced techniques from more experienced admins , and then come back to be admin

this player king something is obvious aimboter , i don't even remember to spot this name before , so it must be some alias for well known player who obviously cheat aliasing

tofu i wish you read my comments in admin chat

your name sounds like masturbation and you dare to offence clan name ? good luck to you with your silly comments

this mastertrollface noob , but i like his black name together with dark ass is really nice

kronik no offence but how more stupid you can be ? first you say you want to fuck moms then you claim to rape man ? so you are just erotic talking dumb shit or really stupid rude jerk , so one day you fuck moms then men ? wtf with you ? but i really barely understand your thoughts about sex

you claim to fuck moms then you say you raped your mate ? so you rape all around who not escape at trees ? so you must be sick in mind , you need a doctor for that specialist

it seems so obvious that you grown bigger anus kronik instead of brain

it is second time i left alone with goon , and my bitch has balls not like yours

you crushed on me ? or what ?

stop fucking block me baslisks , go on walls

get lost idiot , go fucking walls , or i kick you for blocking

stiffan you move om when humans near base

dumbass moving om when humans close to base , warns nothing

noob , noob spam all doors camping what a pathetic noob

suck cocks campers

you are not even player , you just let's say being there , doing no shit , and you dare complain ?

camping fucking dumbass , and i don't really care about you , i say what i want and when i want , go suck your clan mate ass

good near sd , so annoyed this game

because i can ?

you sucks

stop spam dumb shit ? you not play alone

painsaw tk when i respawn

fuck you admins

fuck off scum , learn to play

what lamer

if you eat shits so who you are ? or what you are ? :) you know you are what you eat :)

you fucking camping scum

how you wan to scrim if you can't even handle simple camp humans game ?

stiffan have i allowed you write me shit on my pm ? no so fuck off

kronik first of all i don't fucking know you so you must be another average fresh troll joined this year to piss off nice players , but i can always ignore your stupid ass , and btw you are just little jerk not nerd calling you nerd would be offence to nerds

yes will be nice if you all jerks from stupid troll clan r leave now , less shit comments and more nice play

wish you good luck with any kind of scrim dude if you so much complained about tyrants in atcs

what ? silly fk just camped eggs with md , and for him skills means camping eggs with md and cheating , oh and for him also skills means camp with tyrant all atcs :) , just average fk noob , but what to expect from player with girl's color

fuck off lamer learn play no flank all game in circle

what for ? to flank all game like retard ? no thank you

oh shit this fk noob is back

i do not vote would be not fair

stfu gay , go be fat noob more like most fk do

i don't care

the fuck you doing dumb jew ?

pax between fat aliens

fuck this freezes , fuck off jew , don't you see i'm freezed

noob finishing team kills , attack from back side / flanker noob

you poor low iq troll are not able to even make me to care about you reply

remove your admin rights

yes master yoda you sucks , when you spam with lucifer and tk us is ok ? when i take your last 4 hp is not ? :)

stfu

lawrence you coward gay fat lamer

seems $ members are all the same , spoted one lamer who camp and ranting today , now another one doing the same

enneract you are piece of shit

those $s fucked in ass lamers

enneract you are piece of shit , all camping $ shits , smile gay , bet you do the same raped in ass

smile gay bet you doing the same being raped in ass butterz

oh look this cheating shit is back , another shit from $

butterz sounds like butt cowered with butter , i bet it is only one purpose of this , that your gay partner dick going inside smoother

you can do whatever you want with shit cowards like $ members you will do nothing

blizzandcheat use your balls sometimes oh wait you have none , if you would have even one ball even badly damaged you still play like eunuch

gamer can't play what a pity his router is part of botnet , i bet it is that kind of router which is not patched / updated since you bought it , now someone patched it instead

ok no more $ members , games will be even longer and more boring

i always knew you were gay blizzandcheat you search for boys instead of girls

just imagine that before you hurt this cat someone will gut off your hands and tongue , what you will do then ?

shut your mouth let people play

that fucktard indeed

you see ? that's what i'm talking about , we can't love you back

first of all if you want to rape someone don't sit in game just go there

i sometimes don't know what is worse that you talk dumb or that you talk shit

two lame dickheads

shut your mouth dumb shit , you proved it with your fucking stucked enter in ass

bind trollski buy brain dumb pollack jerk

can you tell this dumb pollack shit trollski to fuck off from me ?

fuck off , ok shit fuck fuck you gay

fucking polish shit fucked in ass

i don't care he is shity fuck fucked in ass daily

you should not give admin rights to such stupid big shit

trollski you fucked in ass shit fuck i shit on you

i make shit on your troll face bitch

admin should not disturb players play in peace , so fuck off , scum

fucked in ass fucking pussy using polish name as poor excuse

fuck you too , fuck off

trollski you shited your pants gay ? already , you fucked in ass moron

who gave admin to stupid troll ? who abuse players ?

trollski fucked in ass bitch without balls and coward

first of all cleanharry that shit should not be even l2 , unless he makes enough donations to your server and you let this shit abuse players in return

trollski shut your mouth you ugly shit gay

fucked in ass shit without honor and balls , and am i prophet ?

you to fuck you , rhez , already saw you few times doing your shit , so fuck you too

trollski stupid homeless bitch giving ass for cup of soup , why you don't remove his admin rights ?

trollski is weak shit pussy as fuck , they must hurt him in his neiberhood badly , so shit is coming to free game to revange on players

trollski 1d free ass giving for soup 2d another give ass for level up

trollski you ugly scum fucked in ass daily

i will fucking put your server down / for that shit

you will regret that you as owner let this shit abuse players

you will see in few days your server brought on knees , and to be all clear ok ? for letting this trollski shit abusing players

so you first say you don't know no you say he is the owner ?

so one told me just right now that you are not owner here but trollski is ? anyway expect this server to be down in next week

fuck you and trollski , in next week this server will be down

last question what is trollski real real name

team lame

have you that staxx in ass ? stacked ass

i would love listen to your shit more but afraid have not much time

lamer , shit fuck , you are shit didn't said server

which pro player spam with cannon when enemy has no base and no tyrants ? only shit like you , that is why you lamers got powned by nos

poor excuse for giving ass to human

why camp with this nice ping ?

yes i agree that you have that something little

fuck off from me rhez

said lamer camper

lol pussy vote

when you canceled it it was second attempt and it wasn't me who called it twice , also you abused mute command btw muting your admin with lower level

it wasn't again and again it was second attempt when he canceled the vote as i said it wasn't nice administrating

who care about off topic comparation ? brexit is politics , nothing common to the game , brexit has nothing to do with tremulous

i have read the rules today btw where are rules for admins ? sure rhez is right as i told you guys

i wish that those votes would be so easy to pass something in life like trump is badass vote passed no trump or putin another nazists vote passed bb putin

conclusion admin shouldn't abuse canceling votes during second attempt

no worry ridley you will win many games the future is yours

not so much most of noobs camped

it is not admins job just to cancel and warn purpose team killer and pretend nothing happens

and what you don't get in pretending nothing happens ?

poor chasing me , hungry of money ? :)

you know rhez it is not that like teammate should behave in game playing in team i only moved his egg on ceiling instead of floor , better egg placement ?

you see rhez ? so now you keep him here still ?

fucking brasilian shit betrading team

poor brasilians betrade all for money

marco stop fapping

fuck you qeer , camp there and mouth in ass

no bro with queer tho , we will rape your queer ass later

lol queer would die if not tked

admins put him if you want

bleed purposly , not first day he does it

next time you bleed me you are kicked off

he bleed on purpose , warned him

next time you will be retarded base is off

i will not give shit to shits in game

fuck off pity scum

admins here suck ass , he is getting in way on purpose disturb me kill humans

we lost game because admins here do shit

stfu pollack , camping all game coward

as expected you are polish scum

you do the same bleeding shit as hugo , fucking idiot

change map to dumb pollacks bleed teammates on purpose poland ad 2017

you are ? your brain seems to be a little , only 2 letters

sure he is , pollacks sucks , not my fault dude that already two pollacks playing here bleeding teammates on purpose several times

and what reason is that ? explain me ? another pollacks in action ? now i'm not surprised you lost second war , in few days , you just give your ass to everyone , even in us they make a lot jokes about you , it proves how much you sucks cocks

oh sure you lies , you blame me that you failed ? spectator seen it

i think i just approached when after you tk mate , but of course another pollacks in action

and you father is gay

i don't care about arguments , i'm not here to attract spectation trolls , and dumb pollacks

suck cocks more pollack , be burned or gassed

gay camping patrol

shut up shit

you father was gay now you are bigger shity gay then him , even your girls rape you in ass in your ita because you all of them have bigger dicks then you and your father , pity troll in game shit

girls in italy must going for date each other because there's no man in italy who would give enough pleasure then girl to another girl

all men mostly gays , and cowards , shooting you in back , strong only with gun in hand , and still shooting in back , like in russia stalin did , that is why you also lost second war like pollacks did , but you are worse , you just sold your ass to hitler regime , dictator ship , and you fucking continued giving ass to nazists just to survive , like pro whores , at least pollack attacked unexpectedly , fighted like men for their country , maybe now , during second war they gave their asses to nazist , even their girls were more brave , at least not gave asses for free , like their men

i would rather die with honour protection my country , not sold my ass to intruder attacking my brothers and sisters

lol pussy shit , dancing near rets queen

rather gay of italian shame , or pollack i don't know you know it's internet

you would be surprised if you go on a date after talk with somebody via chat , i bet he is just silly pollack who went fat in life , and now shit can't move from his pc

you started it dumb italian pollack , not me , so now drink your shit , or have no honor

just spoted few shits in game , who claim they are pollacks , and both of them bleed on purpose then blame others about their shit

you got tked also by this pollacks , and you tked one of your mates long before i approached you both , then you tried to blame me that it is my fault you tked him

find some balls maybe ita , instead of blaming all others about your own mistakes , what other reason about which i would not even want to think would be to keep shit here ?

stop donate to shit fat sons server

sure , oh i see you want all shit around just to have more players , so i'm sure you it is not the way to keep this server running , but what i know , at least punish shit from time to time to prove him he’s doing wrong and maybe he learn something in time , trust me you need more to give fun for most players then keeping all shit around just to annoy few nice people

you see not only me complaining about hugo , i tried several times and trust me i was patient to him kick him eventually but admin canceled all the time , within barely two days he proved he is just big pain in ass , zzz did the same today , he respawned behind my back in base and evolved tyrant i was writing , he near tked me before i moved and cried at me i was blocking him , then he said i'm pollack and proud of it , so i don't know man what is with this pollacks nowadays , and as i told you already your 2 letters name not says more then you are not so smart , so it is not so my fault your nation makes so much shit around them , as i said i'm not against pollacks and didn't say all are bas or have no honor , but few shits in game proved they are literally dumb

pax you know what they say in rome ? not even one caesar raped his slave in ass , just he prefered men not women , and that he could to do that

pax you think i don't know you are from poland ? so you are so wrong , because i know you are pollack , and i will not tell you how i get to know you are pollack

if you are not interested ( and with out because you cut off your sentence in that point ) so why you even replied to my comment ? lack of words or what ?

admins here seems to be attracted with troll ass team killer ok , tell me when you get bored with this shit , then i will join to game again , so you see pollack you are like most of your pollacks just dumb troll

yes you are innocent not gay just pollack troll another one here to want to troll and play sometimes i know

how you would know it will calm me maybe i want to laugh and troll pollacks ?

so what ? did i said all pollacks are badasses ? and even so , if he would have something against me i would be past here already

sure especially polanski , he just gave his ass to lawyers , being accused of raping young girl , you don't know about polanski's case ? read your papers or watch tv , btw i don't he was guilty just the girl wanted to take some of his money , i don't think he was guilty at all , you know sometimes reach people are victims of being reach

yes , sorry is quite dark here , i can't see keys

no no reich of fuller , you know i don't like nazists and i don't support them

if you would suffer as much as some of your grandparents here from second war you would not be joking about nazists

hitler and his supporters were sick evils imo

lol they all sit on turrets

why you shit kill afk ?

fuck off aimboter

helper gtfo , speak in pm , you're just cowering all the pub chat

cerkitz cheating shit , fuck you

more aimboting pls ? and such shit is protected here ?

i am curious why you camp ?

can you move hugo to spectators ? he is uterly dumb

better build , you can camp and build both the same time , this way you be at least useful

camping aimboter noob , it seems that you stuck their in your base with a shit in ass

what's so funny ? all game camping or what ?

you should be banned for 7 days to reconsider being ass shit

kronik another polish shit who suffers in life being raped by pedophiles everyday so he revange in game

nice map what say you ? i liked it a lot , if you want old good map

sure you want bo lamer ? enough i lag now

you tk me in base as i'm afk , you kill me i mean

you aimbot , you are aware ? just you are admin here you think you are allowed to aimboting ? are owners aware of this ? next time you start aimboting i will report this server on the black list

i don't but he does , and he knows it

you , and you are in the council of this server bird a.k.a. thiago ? so you should be in shame , will watch you more closely and if you don't stop using aim help from bot i will report this server to blacklist

aimboter

overmind tk admins shits

anyway this server is set on black list

anyway this server is set , reported to main peers , next week will not available to play here

admin noob , noob

no fuck your mom

server for pollaks gays

poland is great to slave them and rape their women

you idiot blocked my hit , and get in way to tk you , now i lost tyrant

if you not able to play , just sit base or go another way stop block us

shittime , stop cheat , jesus aimboting mexican shit

admin tk , ban

hugo favorite admin's puto

jesus aimboting camping mex shit

cry jesus no girl to fuck in your mexico

we have to perform coordinated attack , who's going with me ?

so you stay defend base , who have balls to rush now ? rush !

not a big deal to have simple binds to reverting things

do donations to team , all time if you has extra evos , if we have enough of them we rush again

no worry your balls are bigger than humans

lame campers , feeds 3 , bite me in ass

aimboters should be banned permanent

!info rules : any hacks , bug or exploit abuse are strictly forbidden . too bad no admin or no admin who can recognize cheaters

to be married you have to be adult , in all states and abroad

chakapabaka seems to be good player

defend base , goon sniping nodes

stfu anning imbecile , rant attacked base

all time shoot me on purpose in my back , no man , you should watch him in team , he is doing this for real

md bleed in base on purpose , sure is true all who watch game see it

yes you do , yes , be man get own frags

bird is like shit switching pipes accordingly , he sucks ass imo switch teams and run

you shit not valkyrie , stop camp bunker noob

get fuck off retard , this cat block my shots , you see ?

shit is going straight on fire between me and alien

fucking pussy , team changer

hehehe dumbass , chomping running moron , cheating shit

idiots , you camp can't even arm from lisk

medi noobs , fuck you dumb team

bird is pussy who is taking in ass and changing teams , you all can support him pressing f2 but the only true is as i said , he is coward lame playing games , watch him playing a bit you will see he mostly run and changing teams

you know there's many people with name martin , maybe (s)he just like this name i don't know

you see bird anyone ranting vs you now ? you big pussy

too sum up bird's play = coward

dumb goon as fuck , yes what a moron , fucking blocked two tyrants from hitting bird

sure sure , more lies ?

you have sabotager in team aliens

rhez you sure you are francais ? french kisses ? :)

tell yourself to ban him at fucking least , and would be nice to not only end this issue at telling yourself about

but not to much with balls

osama fuck off , fuck off asshole

aimboting now , he cheat deal with it , if you too lame admin , just stfu

i will find skilled admin to ban you pluto

need dretch underground , all rush with me now

want kick osama ?

shit team , noone fucking defend , when i say rush you do nothing , dumbass

gtfo moron , f1 , he is voting defeat , clear ?

camping shit , all game you sit base

stfu troll , i speak about rex

stfu fuck polish bitch

bleeding om

admin ? pause and help , admin , admins !

ok unpause now , ty , why not ban him ? if he back supposedly he decon again

rhez fuck you , they camped game

stfu , jackass , dumb admin troll

shut up italian gay , you sit your base all fucking time , you sit your base all fucking time holy , and you dare to reply to me ? screw you italian gay

this poor italian camp his base all game now dare to trolling , fucking homo , at least i am man and have balls not like you shity italian gay troll , you do all the same pussy camp all game then trolling , also on other servers , you are disease and ugly gay

the problem in game with you is that you are stupid troll camping game then jerking more , noone care about and speak about your life , i bet is as poor as your camp in games , actually it was about holy jacket

admin moron , join to only fucking game , joining , fucked jerk in ass

screw you italian bitch

italians are poor trolls and jerks

this server will not be too much popular with that admins attitude , you and other jerks like you , yes you trollass , do not even pretending you don't know what i speak of

you helped me ? excuse me what is admin job like not ban deconer ? and you well know about what i speak now , so stop jerking

you are like your italian friend holy , you are like your italian friend holy also poor troll

pussy , and who cares ? not at all

moron named jackt you see irony ? camping md poor looser

great , what a lame team

rhez you see how big jerk you are ?

gg , but no , move on

you voted for this map and 5 players play rest of us must watch

i don't like this map , looks ugly and big

to be honest in your case i would prefere to be man and have balls instead of jacket , even bulletproof

those noobs dancers and using lucifer and md vs goons

rhez your pants also doesn't fit on you , looks pretty empty

you must be so young , you use a lot camps and cry like child , camps i meant to say caps :)

rhez trem admin first place troll and pussy ad 2017

where's your macaro ... mate ? still here with another name ?

that last shot was obvious aim , and all know it

is anyone asked you for troll comments ? stfu yourself

enneract you are jackass you know how i provoked you and your stupid talk ? i was goon before you joined humans , stop silly jerking and buy skills instead of aim

yes rhez is right now i mean your aim was cheat , your last shot for sure , anyway i raped your whole base your builder and near you when you back from killing aliens base , so only your aim shot last one safed humans

reap you are so damn big silly troll not even worth to reply to you , go gay voting more , maybe they let you mute me , we would just speak in pms , or in their admin chat , and you will not see it :) , then you would not stupid voting vs me , but maybe you would do the same shit to another player :d , i bet you would like it

fuck off gay queer , stop swiping all shit around , dumbass , go back to your silly granger pub

yes pah is here , warned you get rest from bleeding

you are dumb dick he bleed me many times

bb shit , for bleed

big piece of shit , the same shit as pah , admins kick him , bleeding all time

try to tk or bleed me now , rush humans no om

rhez you shit admin they bleed and try tk me now i was muted so fuck you jerk shit

you both are silly shits no admins , you let those jerks ruin game , you let them bleed me and try tk , i switched to humans to play in peace , this reap came after me , you both sucks

stfu big shit gay

fuck off from here dickhead

you silly jackass moron , go be raped by dogs shit , you are silly shit gay not admin

pity shit raped by dogs

so far you fuck so hardly with your mouth it would be big enough to get my dick inside , and lmao you gave ass to my dretch

rhez you lost all in my eyes as admin , you are pity shit , you are pity shit rhez

you move om when humans in base , you are dumb

aimbot will be permaban

remove immunity and mute this shit arrogant

all italians the same small balls if any rude shits and protected by unjustified rights

aimboter , silly server , giving protection rights to aimboters , and rude shits

spam more gay ?

ok enough of this aimboting wallhack shit , wish you good luck with this shity server really , protect aimboters more

how i hate retarded team

leinard if you would able to fuck anything your dick you would not be so gay , so stop sending me such funny comments

those gays , leinard first lame gay of this game

i think gays have to learn to be men not search to fuck others moms

noone of your girls want to fuck with you ? leinard ? silly boy

who cares what you think lexluger ? noone cares about girl giving ass by every corner on your street

admins willing to check him out before kick ?

as do u , np always open to reply to trolls

funny you have to pay something except for free giving your ass , don't they pay you enough on your streets for ass exposure and more ? don't they pay your taxes ?

how you know he is bitch btw you forgot t , has he given his ass to you have you tasted it already ? or it is just your imagination ? and you just desires it ?

this girl is still attacked by my ass , true shit waits for it by every corner possible

regroup , or camping girl rape us

luger do you even have a boy ? or you are lesbian ?

all because you sit base , fat ass , at least you polish pasta

mustard needs big dick to taste it good

lol girl your dick is big now

np , why should i ? we both defend ? shit happens , don't remember your name even , why i should insult you ? should i ? seems to be trolling on me right ?

effect you have nothing more to do then making stupid comments in game ? maybe time you start playing instead ?

come on me fat tasty girl , not you it was for luger , are you girl also ?

yes you can be my slave , so you can also blow me np , i can pay you

was interesting conversating @ platform with all kind of girls , one even left to work at her streets , at least map for effect maybe he will dar to play again instead of pity trolling so safe in spectators , where is she ? also at the streets @ work as luger ? all those promising girls they use you and left you , i wished for longer stay

hugo who make shit long time in his toilet

lol s3 , again you fucked it up hard job now to do for us

again this fat polish shit

your name sounds like licking ass lizard

burrito when you earn skills instead of cheat shit ? spectators should see this last kill of you , all agree you cheat shit

burrito go to your wooping server , leave here fair players to play without your shit , sure you don't know , ask your team leader

why you change to shit map ?

jacket your sure your name is jacket not jackass ?

fuck off troll , suck me on your knees

this map is whole wrong place

shit votes for map and then left server

that holy shit big long corridors map , makes me sick

map shit and burrito refused to suck me more deeply

burrito's father was gay died from aids

daniel next time you vote for this shit map you get 5 days ban

best dick blower you mean ? could not agree more , this map is ready made for such dick blowers like him

no kick but next time use brain when you come in mind to vote for this shit map

effect how is your blow job have you learned doing it appropriately at least ?

fuck you camping blowsucker , you big gay , camping game cocksuckers

end of blowing me burrito gay , how was it pussy ? did it tasted good ? yours you brainless shit

effect ended up spectating and trolling games homeless orphant , shater him someone he needs your love

ban elements from this server forever , and ban daniel 5 days anytime he vote for this shit map again

violet shit gay coward wooping raped in ass gay

burrito go back to your wooping server , there's your wooping ass gay coward place you belongs to

try stop to camp games sometimes you violet raped in ass orphant burriot , hiding pedo

burrito violet shit gay coward wooping raped in ass gay

with your wife in bed , sorry then it must be your mom she is still so hot

blow me burrito that is what you do the best , you still camp big gay

you first , your mother was so hot and nice to me , double blow job every 1 hour

fuck off camping eggs shit

ok fine gays tell me when you want to play not making shit

? strange troll , lol and kill us , what you take ?

is mega gay like you

lol not surprised you vet like gay , you give ass to baslisk you tk us in base , get sober

you talk about us ? what you want they are in their base a lot

so gen you left us , why you not keep crying and team now ?

come back here you sniping shit

stfu pink shit

why all pink colored players play like gays ?

sucking cocks gay

wtf ? wtf sucking cocks admin noob ? why you play and vote like gay ?

nos cocks sucker , oh look zero is voting , such a zero

you stfu pedo

supporting gays and voting like zero

all admins here are cowards and jerks ? so i see you fucking gay

and what ? screenshot your ass when you give it to me

me pedo and who uses pink shit gay color ? you pedo

stfu you literal zero , go suck on his dick you gay cock sucker

go report as long as you can , all will play games instead of dealing with you gay , you fucking pink shit , siting your base then voting vs me like a pedo , fuck off from here fucking gay shity , and take with you tour zero slave also protected like you gay scum

you ball less pussy , both of you

lmao is you gay and btw literal zero

you haven't own mom to fuck it ? or at least girl ?

burrito dumbass camp and vote like gay brought his slave gay zero here

you are zero not only your name , you are also his slave he fuck you in ass daily , that's why you vote for him , pedo

yes you can camp and rape his ass as he is your zero slave , nothing more i expect from you

you camp you gay voting and raping your slave in ass , all as expected , so you will not see dumbass

wrong your sunshine is your master burrito who rape your ass all day long

burrito first gay voting shit of tremulous and camping coward

no mute anyone , or you will look like another pedo , who voting like gay

hi puto , oh sorry pluto

those all gay voters slaves raping each other asses made me a bit nervous

you still calling me a pedo since it is you who camp vote and talk like gay burrito ? not mention your pedo color ?

yes he scores blowing your dick , and still he means the same zero

i bet you blow as good as zero , this gay has so many slaves blowing him daily

come closer down on me tyrant , blow me

your father don't give here enough pleasure anymore ?

pause , rc deconned

now you can suck your cock

you better take care of those all stupid trolls : team bleeders deconners and so on , like hugo and reap3

burrito please go back to your sucking cock you do it better then trolling and camping in this game shit , you fucking pink moron , and shit

yes it is but his color is not the worst as i said , this shit is all time trolling camping and jerking like goldenr coward and pedo , makes me sick so much

he recompensate his shortcomings and skills with big trolling mouth , burrito who else ?

have you ever used your brain once in your life ?

sad is this game become such a drama for some of you , there are a lot more important things in your life then this old free game

you do this on purpose stop it

better pause then cry after , gj

can one of you watch reap3 ? he is going as last and bleed us a lot

bleed on purpose our back all time , do you see this admins ?

gtfo , admins pls , this jerk doing bleed again learned nothing

learn something gave you chance with only spec you

how you would be able to kick admin ? you should be higher level

the worst disease of this game are trolls

can we ban reap3 at least for 1 day please ?

that would be pretty disaster for server look what you do without admin rights

noone cares about you burrito and noone cares about your ability to be big gay and troll that is all so obvious to all of us

first i read it like shit sperm , but now i see it is sir , and still don't get it

oh it's you my friend :) , sorry then accepted alias :)

i like you attitude dude you put all shit trolls when they belongs in deep dark hole

you both in shit oh sorry in sir ? if so why you argue each other so deeply ? is that a love or something ?

pink would be hot but still it is not , on the other hand that troll like you zero , and brainless being who name himself zero , would wear all kind of gay shit underwear and somewhere else

kommand it is damn game relax don't hate or don't like , just don't give a shit to trolls , just let those shits be and count on admins they will help you when needed , that is all

trem 1.3 should not be released at all imo , why ? because sooner this game will end its life more real life will see light , you can't even imagine how much time people waste here

for the sake of recording

you know i'm not your personal slave moron like zero is to burrito

rhez stop fapping your reich bind

i was joking enneract , rhez is doing this a lot

zero what you want you still are able to talk with mouth full of dicks ? get silently and gently as pro slave you are and be silent

why should i go to police office just because you're slave to burrito and suck him daily ? your sexual life is not my problem at all

lol as true zero also 0 kills

danish uses viagra to be able to type in game

so long bb freaks

guys when you see alan is back , just look out he like to bleed team , and he spam me a lot of fuck you

those red gays

you pissing me off little ksing shit

guys we go back , retreat for me , too much feed of them , back , don't go , don't you see he only camp , h ra camp a lot , regroup !

as your half of balls in game

fap and shut up

fuck off dude , stop bleed me

sry , saw tyrant on your place , sorry dude

? why ? no you lie , i send nothing

lie and calling other trolls

fuck yourself dumb pollack

no it is not ok that dumb lame camping pollacks insult others call them trolls and try to kick

let's kick some shited pants pollack asses

fuck this server , why so freezes ?

i don't i attack all time and you just camp tyrant there

those fat polish noobs , srsly now i know why they camp so much

and what you mean by that ?

you have admin aimboter , his name is r h ra a.k.a. unicorn he is aimboter

go away , cheater

noonce cares about you , i speak about admin cheater , who just left

put in ass your tongue , and stfu

camping spammer

rekt ? you kid can't even rekt any girl in your street , camping gay

shut your fucking mouth jerk ?

and when you last visit your doctor psycho ?

suck me scum , ignore more

he such a lord , last in team and die

no i am not , stop send me pm

jesus move ass

lol you are not lord , either

stop trolling , it is not

bleeder

trolling all time and bleed , you bleed and calling false alerts about base attack

move ass

shit comment

oh my shit

mea culpa

guys bird is camper and flanker , watch your back all time

and you have wet ass from shit , camper

your gay ass wet from taking inside

guys we need bigger group to rush

flank !

you decon node before sd wtf ?

camping shit little bird , shit camping fuck , you sucking cocks gay

watch out guys sucking cocks little bird on flank and camp all time little shit , too bad i can't kick you little dick

gj let this little bird die

you want flank and camp more little bird ?

what for ? you not even play moscow cow

so little dick and so big ass

bird <= a little dick the big coward of tremulous

fuck you with your gg shit

admit guys this little bird makes long annoying games , how many times he had to extend game time to camp even more ? such annoying coward should not have access to the server

there are also other servers pub and hub and others euros , people also play there from time to time , man but you should agree this bird guy sucks cocks , he camp so much and whoring like noone else i have seen in this game , you know people camp for money / evos but he just excided every camping limits , just a whore and camper coward

why you need to know ? he he :) , wish you good luck i weight like 150

now wait he will join a team , then watch how his little dick is camping once again , and the little dick shit long camping game is begun again

no alan kid want sex , alan want to go to bed maybe , will have nice wet dreams about anals , no ? alan meant to say that he wants to have alan sex , you see so close word alan anal , go to bed alan wish you nice dreams about anals , and alans

mr. anal :)

lol some people are so uterly dumb

danish slap you !

they are persistent like some anals

stop wetting my ass

come back fatter , in the anal

lexluger srsly dude you have noone to fuck in life ?

who's fucking nigger ass ? your mom ?

because you tk arm all time dumbass

enneract you know what ? be busy sucking cocks

camping trolling shit , stop pm me

si is short for shit inside , inside his base

to avoid more stupid votes , this trolling bitch lamer siting his base and calling stupid votes , now you can troll more loser , all what you have hot are your stupid fingers calling noob votes

hehe , fuck you dumb builders , you build your shit base under fucking stairs then try to defend it dumbasses yourself

fuck off camping aimboter , not enough you camp on ledge you also cheat fucking lamer

because of attempt to kick me no reason

which reason ? kronik is aimboter

you will be kicked next game , and i will vote to kick you all time i see you troll

i will find another admin who will support my opinion about kronik

who me ? not at all , stop accusing me about that , you don't even know mw

if you have no skills to see aimbot in him , so it is not my problem but yours

man he is your friend that he support him ? srsly aimbot as hell

you admins better what reap3rtek player , he is trying me cause to die by blocking door to base

why you move it and move it ? you like to move it move it ? :)

feel to be owned

fuck , stfu , less feed and more defend

ban this aimboter

ban pk ranger reason aimboter , ok so i will report him

reported

admin hi pk ranger player is aminboting on your server

stfu aimboter

you have been reported pk ranger , expect ban by admins if they agree

get out of my way

shut mouth cheater

use brain ?

kai you gay , you sucks that's why you camp tyrant

camping gay tyrant , you fucking gay , fuck you camper

sure, 26m and you still whoring lame bitch , lied shit

oneill if you are not happy camper tyrant stop lie , just admit you sucks shit

you know what ? stfu gay , so why you still write ? shut up gay

time to attack , guys attack them , few stay defend

stfu jerk

noob

kick death pls , motherfucker bleed base with lc

you had near the same count of kills and i have 3 times bigger ping then you harry , so shut up noob

you fuck lick whoring tyrant camper ass , so go date it and fuck off

provoking cock

abuse vote , would pass was 9 to 4

i think time to remove cleanharry admin rights

do you even know english ridley ? check your syntax , and btw i don't send you anything , so shut mouth

oh now i recognize this name cleanharry , well know troll and abuser from granger pub , well know abuser and troll from granger pub , you guys know him ? you did big mistake giving him admin rights

near rc down , go it smoking , go kill rc now

lol this flying chaingun sucks , who pro flying with chain ?

admins ? your l2 staxx , sends me spam , it spam quit camping coward admin shit , and i am not admin

if you not help me you will still have nice collection , of spamming shit , already made 4 , so why you give l2 to shit who spam players ?

now i have plenty screenshots , remove his l2 pls , so we can mute him

yes ? thx , i have 8 screens

hey gay , no type kill , fuck you

sure for gay type killer like you is always gg , even you have raped ass

so it was the same for me haze , you know chain can lags you till death especially shit settings to lag with shoots

staxx after i post screenshot i bet they will never give you anything above 1

fucking noob lucifing whole base no rants , and i was afk

lol he killed you camping , and you still suck his ass

crackhead will say he want to suicide then he will leave server

are you mad now ? i like pissed off enemy , they make a lot mistakes

sorry will feed you later ok

gg shit , camping dumb lame bitch

a bird with a little dick and shited in pants coward , camping cheating coward shit

a bird shited his pants scared to get out from nest

bird stands for (bi)g(r)etar(d)

shited pants gay camp again

hey ebony or maybe ebola shut your troll fucked ass

do not hate , just predict trolling shits commenter

you can speak but stop trolling , yes you do

tk in base , no you started you bleed me close to humans door in middle

gtfo tk intentional gay

fuck you team bleeder , and your votes

play or leave and shut your fuckup

blocker

shit server , unexpected lags , i know what i am using and if you spy on players so watch closer dumbass

no , not your fucking business what is my isp

no , you have nothing to my internet , watch your troll ass

guys retreat and regroup , this giving himself asshole will camp / flank forever

give yourself more evos dumbass admin , this noob giving to himself , not fair

you can't play one game without fucking tking base ?

stop block ?

sterminator i think you need a kick ? am i right ?

1 day of trem play without kicked off is not completed

sterminator is a bleeder guys

!seen sterminator last seen 19 seconds ago , nice new alias , don’t be shame do not afraid i will not kick you not yet

server is smarter then your hiding noob

i know two things about you now 1 you bleed on purpose supposedly to troll 2 sterminator is one of your names and second is sterm , 3 i know sterm is short for sterminator and suppose regarding to your behaviour mo is short for moron , am i correct ? correct

what dreams ? but that doesn’t bring anything more interesting regarding his behaviour , i don’t speak to you alans

you mean sterminator’s router ? first what he should fix is his bad behaviour in game

so he doesn’t know how to change settings but he does know how to bleed and troll , of course the second is easy

it says that cheats are not enabled on this server , or reserved only for admins perhaps ?

yes there’s a song nice one , about the wall , and there’s also quite accurate saying , for his case , or about a pale , i prefere the second as an answer to his complaining

lol raven rules ops ruled in base , they must bleed him first no ? have you watched whole case admin ? i’m sure i saw them bleeding him also , in that case fair enough would be warn all , or ban all about 1 hour , you know why ? i saw what was before that

oh ok , sure and you let jerks tk you in circle and wait for more , and waste money

it would be not valid if he decon something in base , but in case of many tks and bleeds you should bleed and tk back

fulcrumf he didn’t , he just tried to tk back , not touched base at all , and he had most kills in team , and you ban him just they provoke and tk and bleed him several times , at least lower / adjust his ban period , to at most 1 hour maybe ?

maybe but as i told you he was a victim not a culprit , you know what i told you what i saw and my opinion , you didn’t saw whole case , or you seems you didn’t , and all tks was on him not he tked them , read your console once again

ok you are right i’m wrong on that , but still they bleeded him before he started to tk them , if you do tklog , you will see maybe they tk him before

ok i see , but what i saw was them bleeding he respawn , so he started shooting at them after that , btw i saw this player raven few times never seen him doing anything bad , they fore sure provoked him

why you offending russia now ? so you have bad experience with some russians i don’t know too many of them , and what is your point in this case to say that about russians ? i don’t say i like russians but noone of them did anything wrong to me personally , ok if joke so it can be np

spamming admin cmd not being enough lvl of admin is wrong , but maybe he wanted to check spam filter ? or just another case , for example you press key for a bind , and you get freezed , connection staled , so when you get back to normal , you will see a lot of bind call , l2 isn’t mighty at all it’s just protection from kick / mute

who’s ns ? a player ?

admin just before banned player with higher score leading team just because they bleed them and he wanted to bleed them back

it is not ok at all dude because i have never seen raven doing anything bad in game

what is this puh stuff ? i’m not familiar with that , no , and what does it mean ?

if he is banned how he is still here ? and i want you to behave at least sometimes

hey are you adult after all ? why spam so much i can’t get anything you say , it is not logical , ops , and you are l2 , wish you good luck with that

its not about being serious or not , player get ban not fair , and nice one player i know , and what is worse trolls still on server who bleeded him

i would like to see you how you react being banned when you are a victim and not a culprit

fap your bind more and feed more pls , amuse all , which i can’t say about you setting bans

i have nothing about liberty and free speech , that is ok , but you should sometimes watch cases more closely before you ban a victim , and you are who to tell me what to do ? or not , still he has no right to tell me stfu , sure he can say what he wants , but it is not like i will do what he wants

this staxx dude ? let him be he is just kid , admin ban him because he camp , then you will win , all cool

little bug , xeno stop getting in fight between two men

a bit harsh to use lucifer in this case

a new player ? and you vote like zorro

i say no to aimboters

gg noob admin , sucks cock more your honor admin and canceling vote helps nothing to fair players

where is flash ? chicked out ? sure , chicken

before you cancel my vote to xterminio maybe get your lazy ass to check his aimbot ?

there’s no fair play who would aim like that and predict where is target , so fuck you with your stupid canceling and not caring well of the server

i suppose you are this flash admin who canceled it since only you replied to me , so for now you can keep hiding chicken , i have reported him myself noob admin , maybe other admins will be not as lazy as you are

players suspected to aimboting flash admin a.k.a. tava didn’t gave a shit about checking the suspected player and only canceled my vote to kick probable aimboter

cry now admin cry more will see nice to see noone help you as you did

lol noob don’t caring about server and tyrant vs rifler

lol this aimboter noob now playing gay with lisk

admin cheats himself so he cancel vote vs aimboters

go get cancer shit

tava sounds like stoner to me , yeah no shit if you are functional like admin here

you sucks cow tits

look this noob admin ranting again

fuck off admin noob , why you damn lame fuck changed teams ? to tk and bleed us ? gtfo to your team

fuck off from here motherfucker shit

what he he is as lame admin as noob player

go back to your team chicken shit

vote passed you can go back

tava fuck off , gtfo , go back to your team , chicken shit

no he is like noob and chicken

look at this silly aimboter xtermino now shit play only gay with his lisk trying all time flanking

you mean you will still remind that camping shit ? not with aimbot , only your aimbot scores so well

do not reply to noob admin , he seems to aimboting himself so he cancel vote vs aimbots

humans have base under stairs close to us

stfu pussy , now your aimbot doesn’t work ?

i will post about this incident soon also on the other servers’ forums , to warn people about this abusing admin rhez , and will inform them , that this server can’t be seen as trusted , and is really suspected !

your tongue have shit stain from sons fat gay ass pedo pity scum

you will lose admin for supporting aimboters , also other reason to remove your admin rights

keep trolling

keep trolling already several reports on you on forums

you are uncompetent admin and troll supporting aimboters

you will see you will regret this soon

stfu , uncompetent shit

stop provoking players it will not help you keep your admin , or keep going trolling and insulting , and lose admin sooner

uncompetent noob

you have been reported rhez and there are already many complaints about you on forums

uncompetent admin trolling and letting aimboters here - aimboting players : fk|caes and you youriwins please watch them for yourself and see .

keep trolling and insulting or throwing false accusations

you are incompetent admin and troll

aimboting and or cheating in other way is against server rules

that you do nothing to remove cheaters as reported in report

it's no excuse for you to troll and insult about it

two players in my report are for sure aimboters

one is l3 , which is even worse for him

that you choose just to troll and insult me and do nothing with this issue

it's not my problem and not really helpful for your admin rights

if you have admin rights just to troll and do nothing with aimboters / cheaters , or you don't have enough skills to recognize aimboter

it's also not my problem but yours as admin

is no excuse to troll and insult players who report them , as in my report , fk|caes and yuriwins

door even don't even finished opening and i got hit by yuri's md

impossible to aim and hit so fast for fair player

it's not the first time when rhez sit here and instead of help people with issues with cheaters he just trolling or attacking , reporting issues players , or insulting

he just sit here and asking others who pm what to who , and also he is revealing other players names nicks , which should not be done by fair admin

it's not in the rules but revealing players other data and trolling and also sometimes insulting players it's not how admin should behave

as other players reported on forums and as i also observed here he many times allowing players tk or bleed other players just because they are his friends

you should change your attitude dude

not only me but also others are tired with your instant trolling and insults and allowing other trolls ruin players games

also it's really pain in ass when player connect and you at start revealing his personally other data to the public

also another pain in ass #2 when player connect or during the time he's on the server later you trolling and as trying to reveal you who pm to who and what

it's not your fucking business and it's not the way how true honest fair admin should behave

you are really uncompetent admin and true pain in butt , that's who you are in my humble opinion

i spoke to him in admin chat

sure it is kai , he can't deny this , since he's doing this all the time and he did it many times in the past , love it or not

i was really patient with you rhez

as you would notice i was silent long time without commenting your bad behaviour many times several weeks , but since you attacked me and i know those players are cheaters so i decided to reveal your bad behaviour

sure , you did , read what you wrote

ok now i really must go , have fun guys , bb

trollski i will fuck you up for abusing and no i will no post on forums i will post on externar site and give other owners link

fuck you you are simply stupid dick

i warned you

that idiot

i'm not gay

idiot

yeah he want to wreck your ass as mine :)

yeah he want to wreck your ass as he said about mine in his dreams :)

baka

noone is bro with aimboter and liar but ok

it's probably of your zzzing / lags

buenas tardes

and i just wanted to know what he means by strategic lose , in that case

buenos dias

buenos aires :)

rhez , just fuck off from us spying troll , get a life

rhez you have no life we play game you all time getting in way

you are like constant pain in ass troll rhez

just shut up

stfu , or at least one day you lose admin and i will be finally able to mute you troll

rhez is big pain in ass disturbing people play , and spying on them

you were pussy all game don't tell him rhez is spying asshole

why you camp whole game only come at end ?

rhez pain in ass spying on players disturbing play

stiffan ignore him he camped whole game himself and came at the end

how about you stfu rhez ?

stop disturbing people playing games and stop spying on them trying to force them to tell you who pm who and what

i already told you it's not your fucking business

you see rhez ?

you know what will bring it? it's simple remove rhez's admin and we can mute him

no more persistent disturbing comments and forcing players to tell him who pm who and what

this server would be really more comfy place to play without rhez trying to force players to tell him their pm comments , and also it would fix his persistent mouth all time talking and revealing players data

but he insist and trying to force players to reveal it , all the time

you know what fucking troll ? just fuck off , i'm tired of your shit

no you not only ask who said what , you reveal players data , you troll all time and disturbing players play in peace

i have never seen more persistent pain in ass person than you rhez in this whole game

stop insulting

learned need team communication

admins help humans ?

viper don't try to suicide yet let's play :)

so humans lucky , no big deal only game

ok you don't like another nice map so to what map you want to change now ?

not a day of good maps , sadly

here it is your beloved atcs :)

idiot ?

dumb arm and ret destroy just before sd

he destroyed arm and ret i think just before sd with his lucifer cannon

are you suicide squad or what? :)

no worry only game

admin spectate frankie suspect aimboter

can someone of you watch frankie's md i suspect aimboter

so let him doing this

wtf ? not possible you hit me like that so fast

can you help and watch frankie's md pls ?

will be your last when you get ban for aimboting ...

would you rather have brain on penis on its place ?

idiot stoneed decon nodes

stop insulting , well know troll

ok i can report you not big deal , so stfu scum , insulter and lame fag

stop block me buster , or i vote to kick you

what ? another troll ?

second block me buster , i will not wait for third

buster , stop getting in way

come on let's play nice map next

i just wonder why you as canadian would care about trump or hilary ?

this " we don't need you " sounds like machine from matrix :)

it was only poll so maybe f2 ?

f2 for me wiz stop shit voting

i bet back to base loves wrecking on ball

i bet it's the time when they sleep

you see viper ? you have your justice

isn't wrecking on your ball better task for you? :p

chick isn't fucking btw , it's nice

this new medi is trempoline for tyrant , gj , rant will jump on it into base

stop bleed own base dumbass with lucifer

bleeding in base

make love no war :p

you should be called mr crying mouth

would you rather stop calling those idiotic polls ? i just want to play not read your shit

dumb moving base hours ?

do you love me or what ? you all time call me

lamer

just lamer came and killed eggs

no skills to fight us face so killing eggs which is lamer

your friend sparky will take care about your troll

those clan members , only killing eggs can't fight us face to face , second camp and flank game

cry flanker , cry flanker cry :)

and you are too old for games rambo :) , you old preak , xD

and it's the same for now

those lame teslas on edge

drop by more sparky , when you are here protect is more nice

lemon 3 camping kills on me ...

stop pausing all time ?

didn't you provoke him for that base tk ?

maybe but usually he did not tk base on purpose unprovoked

maybe too much weed as he said today he take it a lot

camper lamer

go lick his ass in humans maybe ?

gj , nice base bleed

they camp game and you apologize them for rant ?

i told you you are free to change teams

so leave not first time you're saying this , even today

this server is just jealous of good players skills

you are boring with your trollozis

don't you like marijuana why you kill it ? :p

pls revert hive idiot tk it in sd

come on i played your custom map , why you not play mine?

just because you have no mood and or like to troll alot ?

i'm afraid that all know already about you

isn't wrecking on your ball better task for you ? :p

chick isn't fucking btw , it's nice

need to make no evos this rant whore

do not go on him alone

that you are shit is no reason to feed

they both lamers

samuel pure lamer

dragos not so much but just camp to whoring

fucking lamer received evos

i didn't said his net is impotent :)

dragos next pussy from r

camping shit

r like camping retard

this new medi is trempoline for tyrant , gj

another camping r like retard from r

yes gay

one retard less

now i know why you camp game dragos

psychotic i will not fuck you , even you are bitch

stop pm me

fucking gay psycho pm spam , offering me he will fuck me , stfu gay

stop spam pms

stop spam pms and no i'm not your bitch to fuck it

i didn't spam you so don't spam me , and if you search for bitches to fuck them , just go to your main park in paris , rude french shit

i don't fucking care about you so retarded that can't find anyone to fuck or even have sex with , in your place

it's not reason to spam my pm that you want to fuck me and calling me your bitch , dumb french shit

go pay boys around you to agree to have sex with you french shit

french bitches have no boys to fuck them in france , world end , so send you pm they will fuck you , so go easy at your street and give your ass there not spam me

i voted they refused

f1 if you love good maps , not trolls

abuser , no such rule here he can't use that name

all what samuel does wrong is only bleeding and tk teammates , all other is all good

admin rhez once again abuse admin rights , the same was with badger

quit being troll for ever effect

effect is not as toxic like rhez is

effect only trolling most of time , but rhez is real pure dumb evil , didn't checked if gay

since my muscles are strong and big i can defend myself if he try his gay things on me , but the issues with rhez are many and worse than being just gay

i'm laughing so hard here , about my last comment about defending myself , i'm so bright

i doubt all are women in hiv , and btw i don't like hairy vaginas :)

oh now again this idiot ?

two vaginas at once is not bad idea

maybe for you , old troll

seems you are too old for two pussies at once , only not too old for trolling yet

effect left to find some free pussy , so triggered with our talks about it

sure you are impersonator

samuel again freaking out , and tk egg

they annoy me with f2 voting for custom maps :p

campione del cazzo

impersonato del cazzo

persona non grata :p

incoming fat cazzitos

fuck off dretch , stop block floor

so keep it away of me damn blocker

stfu troll

fuck off , retard

blocking dumbass

once more ninja , and you are out

you see those dretches ? i seems to look attractive to them , they see me jump instantly on my face

but you also bleed , and you will feed humans a lot with granger

mr. pluto against wallhacking ?

set next map to " lemon in base "

stop bleeding om damn noob ?

what about humans do they have will to go down on the floor ?

srsly fuck off with your aimbot

admins check burrito against aimboting

r like retard killing grangers and camping eggs

he is , also today he camp most game time , as you voted altair , but what to expect from lamer without skills

only camp trolling provoking and so one

you are too lame and too troll oriented

i was admin in past few times , on few servers , and was always fair one , yep i swear you

noone never have any issues with me as admin

i always helped players and administrated well

what abuse you mean ? and btw it's rude to speak in french on english based server community , anyway salut master , not that i don't like french it's quite nice , but on the server where most people speak mostly english , it's not nice you speak in french and some of players don't know what you mean

i said french is nice language but it's rude to speak in french when some players woulds not understand it , and i didn't say i don't understand it :p

i'm enough time here to know it's not german server , and not lead by germans

you seems to be still lost regarding to what you saying , btw what drugs do you take i want those

yes i hear whispers , i see aliens

evil is whispering into my ears

entropy is wide topic can you be more specific?

yes but i love more your drugs then you

oh not my day for my custom maps so sad time

maybe it's your dirty feet ? :) you exist there for sure :)

lol i'm really surprised i have a chance to meet so many freaks in this old game

we're doing kimble kidman , it's when you hide from dirty men , that want to catch you and put it in nasty place

i suspect logi , he just changed his name

stiffan they still refuse to play custom maps , so shame

rhez but he seems to be in another world or dimension so he has his own point of view

i bet you are in enneracted one

i have no doubts you see them , with so much drugs taken

when you start to stare at yourself in those mirrors you can't stop , there's something magical in them

i didn't voted for this map that you camp in base

map camping russian shit

camp now shit

you and him you both camp like lamers

go troll on another server

you made this map unpleasant to play , so fuck you with your camp

what a shit

that's what you do kidman , you want to scrim and you camp most time of game play

fuck your porn in ass

no i will not become your sex partner

who has smaller brain? yay or yay?

gtfo camping scum

lol this lamer protects you , and he rant whoring or flanking only admin lamer

stfu big coward , you lifeless shit

clue less noob coward

too retired to play like man admin noob ? or just no skills shit ?

nos.retired lamer no skills so flanking and whoring rant all game , and canceling fair votes

admin noob

nes.retired " i never rant lol " unnamedplayer1 was mauled by nosretired's Tyrant

log doesn't lie and you liar and coward

are you serious? read your console lame shit

stfu lame shit

this your slave

nos.retired admin noob this your slave unveiled who camp all game and come at end finish near down base , is more lamer than you nos.retired shit , lamer

you fucking coward gay

i shit on your gay face from behind

shut your gay mouth camping game shit troll

i will report about you shit admin nos.retired that you abuse votes

shut your lame fuckup shit coward

your admin is coward who only flanking all game and rant whoring and he abuse fair votes with cancel consider to demote this shit .

nos.retired : i never rant lol . unnamedplayer1 was mauled by nosretired's Tyrant lololol , it is from console you liar shit , from last game when you said you don't rant , straight citation

so either you take drugs and you don't know what you use to play , or you just lie and console proves it dumbass , coward

so how in console is your name when unnamed was killed by nos.retired tyrant ?

nos.retired try to lie even i get straight prove from console log lol , what a shit , and such lame scum is admin

hard to belive that lied shit is admin

roll back your console log and you will see what you used to kill unnamed , and others , lied shit , coward scum , who only flanking all game then tyrant whoring

nos = not only shit , also coward and liar

lied shit coward bitch

gtfo you stack of big shit , you fucked in ass coward shit , lame shity lied troll coward

yes cry to admin baby gay

you fucked in ass coward kid raped by pedophiles priest in ass

i bet you put this plug in your ass instead in the slot , that's what gays like you do , always search for new experience and desires

and who you think i am ? i will not pm gay

fucked in ass by pedophiles priests lmao kid

leaving smells gays here

that's what we do in nos woop woop ass rape

lamer cry cry cry i like when lamers cry

camping shit calling stupid votes

camping shit shooting enemy on in back from base

because they smells with aids , btw hiv / aids comes from africa

don't you see fucked in ass gay admin fuck lamer ? that i fucking type?

you fucked in ass lamer type killer

pity shit gay not admin , type killer

retired fucked in ass type killer shit

amadi not deconner he wanted to move it , and you idiot pause and revert it fucking abuser

stfu pedophile? send me messages about pedophiles molesting children

ok as you want if he send those pms to you don't cry ok ?

stfu nigger !

i like dumb niggers

you change your name to black color and noone know who write this

stfu dumb nigger !

dumb is your name is nigger , and you call me nigger ?

stfu gay

idiot builder

can you write in pm ? i don't pay you for spam pub chat when i play you distract players

but not as much as you are

you guys can you give each other your login names on facebook and spam there ?

you behave like crying babies srsly

change map to don't play just spam chat

change map to dima goes to bed

i always wanted to know where kommand will go to next :) , now i know

why don't you spec it yourself ? i doubt it you must to do so

you just wait a bit to not ruin someones evos too fast and you use your admin command

trial doesn't mean you have to ask about using !spec999 dude , it means higher admins watch your actions , not that you have to ask about all , what you can do and not

hm no offence but it's not the way like good admin should act , you should count on yourself in making decisions like that

lol he noticed give him a beer :)

today is alien's feeding day

team feeded aliens stage 3 , and then killed our base

why you cry on me ? i gave team s3

are you dumb or robot script?

you have problem with that plenty of it

too much alcohol ? :)

yeah you wanna bet ? so much stupid actions here you have to be really drunk to handle all of it :p

fuck you dumber , dumb blocker

mitris you are so dumb blocker

me noob ? who died before me ? how you call it ? who blocked me like an retarded idiot?

blocked by mitris team gave humans stage 3 on plate

lost tyrant rebuild for you you still can't handle few attackers

should i tk mitris next time to be alive ?

why you camp admin lamer ?

pussy

nos.kidman pussy

feeding dumbasses

you feed you idiots like fucking pigs , then we have to defend like crazy

you have no brain n7

don't cry on him , cry on yourself feeding pig

you feed a lot in few minutes then we must defend like crazy then you cry you lost , blame yourself , btw if you want us to feel your pain write it as pain , and cry louder , that all can hear you

feeding pigs tremulous day

yes but not if you're the pig , who feed like crazy

there's no christ or even jesus in this game when lamers feed enemy like pigs

feeding time , and not holidays yet

first feed then run like pig from a butcher

first you would not camp games kidman

and you are so smart with this unnamed name ? it doesn't say you are

mitris you're dumb , you blocked my tyrant in arachnid and i had to build after team feeded humans stage 3

i rebuild you om even then you all feeding pigs died , then one asshole cried on me to stfu , it was amadi , i asked him why i should to stfu ? he still didn't explained me why

yes for the butcher , and his customers :)

there's even nice song about money in french

yes he has no internet at all and he is able to reply to you

your lol is your little ?

so much proteins in his internet no internet and able to write online

what? he said you have no internet , in the moment you replied to him , you wrote he still have no internet , no logic in that

this / yours weird english makes me crazy , or your illogical logic without sense

sure no internet and connect to internet

gj ! you won dumberity price / badge #1

how you can fuck game ?

are you protein effect ? no , so how you are so skilled to fuck games?

he has also internet without having internet , master of a blaster

yes rhez logic without logic in it

i have plug to internet in outer space how i can plug it to internet to play games online ?

i need long cable , or wireless strong signal , so no plug needed

no stop pm me

niggers have no voice in free world

i bet now you will cancel as well ? or i see no logic in your cancelation

who did tk to who ? one tk full hp took out ?

if i see someone who stare on me with wicked eyes ? should i kill it at the street when he stand ?

illogical stupid votes

how to ignore someone dumb who want to kick you no reason ?

you thing he named himself nigger with no reason ? so you see now how shit behaves

lol this evil mariage in the same team nigger and max pain :)

how do you feel humans a nigger raped you?

you are afro italian living in mexico i guess :)

you know afro italian like afro american , but you can call yourself american it's all ok , it's not shame have other roots , all americans are americans

not as much retarded as one retard called himself synn in game , what does it even mean ? synn syssy nanny ?

who cares about pseudo americans dude ?

true americans do not hate other races they are all from around a world

yes always dreamed to hear what afro italian think about americans

si you know what came up to mine mind when i have seen your name for the first time ? i just read two letters so simple coniunction , then it came to my mind it must be simply resembled , so here it is , si = simple idiot , or better simply idiot

and who really care? as i told you noone smart cares

si no offence but you seems to be so simple in mind ignorant

i read scriptizer and guess what it came up in my mind ? striptizer

al pacino is not italian at all also like si is not mexican

i don't really know why l3 player should offend others and be racist ?

do you gave him l3 to offend and insult people ?

hey purple guy , stop block me and my hits

stop bleed will be no need to sry

don't cry fat noob

thx , noob

catch i cahted you

flanker afk killer

blue fire gtfo scum

why you protect yers and lamer srsly wtf with your server ?

type killer , afk killer , and l3

stop fucking bleed back , shit

stfu racist

yes stfu too , pollack

every time i see you here you only troll

you think they give you only l5 without reason ? they give you to it just other smart player can see how you shit troll is aliasing and troll again all fucking time

i don't know you lemontree . who you even are ? another troll ? and pollack ? would be understandable so much , since one of owners is also stupid pollack , who likes to troll and doing shit on the server , he is so dumb as it's unbelivable , doing shit on own server , do you get me ?

french is nice but not gay french

it must be really deep encoded in the brains of those trolls

have you noticed guys that most troll dumbers use purple colors ?

proven deeply encoded in mind of sick fucks purple troll all the time , so you are exception from that purple since you are also dumb

why this troll have l5 ? only insulting players and racist

i will moderate your level to l0 if you not stop treating people and insulting

you are not good enough in constant camp either

sure they are so poor that you have insult them so jealous they are reach , and they are smart to gather more money then you , so nothing left to you just insult them

spammer

so how you want to crack skulls if you as you said camp and is in huge shit ?

why the fuck this server is so lame , more trolls than players

and then where you find new place to troll ?

calm your crack

hehe , you fried your dick

toast from dick

emanuelle lover ?

admins spectator ks me , move him to spectators where he belongs

how it feels your skull cracked skullcracker ? :)

what you want ? " premium " builder :)

he have to learn something before he become pro builder

how he will learn if you pause and revert ?

since you get hard in ass , so since the beginning

it's time you lose your protection , will see how you will insult others family then

retard blame others he lags and insult his family , and have l3 , should lose it soon

admins since i reached !report limit here you go : hard4ever your protected player insults others family he wrote : s , now he ask me to suck his dick if he has any , and you give him l3 ?

admin can you mute this crying baby insulting others and their famillies ? we can't because you gave this rude shit l3 , at least for a while

you are still l2 you dumbass , technically

nothing changed in list of command available for you

you don't need you and your l3

instead of offering me to suck your dick i can offer you to suck mine at least there's something to suck , not like in your case

yes hard4ever ( he thinks about his dick or lack of it ) is offering to us to suck his dick , ask him if it's still actual offer

i bet you have noone to suck you since you ask about it in game online

put it within the hole in your room's door and move forward and back , maybe it will help you unless your dick is really tiny then forget about it

yes that's also an alternative but you have to have your neck long enough like giraffes

easy target , ass rape incoming

stop spam our back ?

i feel lonely lolololo lonely :)

this medi is hax , you have to crouch to get out , and you have to go on ramp to heal , in other case it doesn't work

prof. you left us you lamer

skullcracker cracked our rc , this dumbass

bb noob

shut your fucking gay ass troll fuck

i will report you that you throwing false accusation on players and provoke them

so that is this stupid pollack ? ok then good to know will mention it in my report , will mention also that you connect aliased just to provoke and troll

you are shit synn will post on forums you vote to mute me without any reason , another reason to remove your admin rights shit

troll more dumb fuck , abuse your rights

noone of sane and smart owners need you trolling abusing shit

gtfo scum

camping noob

sure all poor noobs have that excuses

vash : you are shit

ignore vash

you think i don't know you’re rhez's slave?

fuck you troll

yea cry to mommy kiddy

synn abuse more , more evidence to remove your admin

you will have no admin after my report synn stupid dick

shut your fuck bitch

stfu shit noone pms you dumb fuck troll abuser , on other hand you abuse like fucking moron , so you have to lose admin , and you will after they read my report

ignore synn dumb shit troll abuser

do you feel the pain in ass when you cry for nothing ? just relax , idiot

this server is full of idiots and abusers , time to deal with them

you can suck me kidman , you are not the one who will tell me what to play or not

i'm not problem here abusers are

uneven or whatever shit aliaser you are stfu bitch

fucking troll shit

stop giving me stupid advises

as i said already i'm not problem here but abusers , so fuck off from me with your stupid advises

stfu neighbor you self moron troll playing ping pong with your pussy

you idiot

he tk base several times in sd with lc and you made him admin ?

sonic this player bleeding on purpose since he connected pls watch him and ban

bleed on purpose

admins ? you see this ?

clean : you also has been reported

player bleeding on purpose from behind i don't bleed him and he all time bleed me pls ban .

stop send me suck me cleanharry

you want to lose admin? keep sending such pm and keep tk base in sd several times

another reason to remove your admin

another troll admin abuser kick me no reason

fuck you and your server , see that it will go down soon enough

you both have been reported on forums cleanharry and synn , soon you will be past as admin also

you can close report it's already on forums including report screenshot :)

you will not hide it and it was on purpose you bleeded base in sd with lucifer cannon several times

stop decon om in as1

gamer build hovel in front of om pls

return to base ! tyrant !

admins ?

you did it on purpose , several nades

pause , if you want to catch all

changing name will not help you hide intentional base tk several nades

guys when you see susano back pls drop me a word thanks , if i don't notice myself

yes he is gone now , but i still have to speak with him

let me check this machine with drinks again

want to see this awesome entry :)

you mean long claws , you are not human this game remember that

admins ? someone want to rename to my name pls check him

it will , within 4 minutes if you not extend time

you can go to bed now and dream about smurfs

chakahacka

constantly dropping nades behind rc

why i'm unnamed now ? another abuse to report ?

another reason to remove your admin ch

i will report removing my guid register

you will lose admin also shit , all recorded now

rhez it will not help you now after all abuse

you and those two silly jerks will be reported again , for removing registered guids , all is recorded

laugh harder shit , your demotion is incoming

wanna bet with me ? lame shit hiding by admin rights ?

effect go fuck yourself

you will see , no more admin for you you will see

already reported those servers to local police office as suspected drug dealers and nazist

so fuck yourself shit

you are so sure you keep your admin cleanharry ? will see soon

smile bitch last smile before lose admin

you will be all three full gays but without admin rights

police already informed in NY and in poland close to walbrych wroclaw

expect you all to be convicted since in mentioned all your names in my call , will see who will laugh last

no in drug distribution and in suspected deals , you will see

all data provided to local police offices in phone call

will see how you will troll and trying to sell drugs here when you see police representatives in your office

laugh more shit? already provided them your ips

will be cartel when they put you in jail , already have respond to my call in emails

will be pleasure to see you taken by police for hearing as suspected drug dealer

stop camp lamer

really camper ?

this player or admin faking my name his true name is clarke look in console .

gj , you owned faker , btw suspect admin , his name was clarke before

you are faker and admin that is who you are

stop bleed dumbass , you bleeded and tk only

several tks and bleed

bleed in base try tk

troll voter / trying to hid buster tk / bleed with lc and try to tk me in base

what for ?

fuck off gay , next attempt to abuse will = in demote you

i will report it

you both abusing votes mute will be reported

you will be banned i'm sure of that keep abusing

abuse vote mute

proof ? vote abuse again

they have only 1 egg i think , now ? lol thought only 1

$ made his name black you hide his ass by corner :)

really ? all tk all , it's game

you are gay ? not purpose

wtf phobia , you are too retarded to lead , keep in backup pls

black noob only camp tyrant there

$ you see this black penis of nos ? at least he has one :)

this game is one whole big bug

they have base on right way to old one , half way to our

i report rhez your admin removing registered guid with name desala and rename reap3rtek to desala . what is going , already several times abusing admin rights

this admin rhez have to be demoted . noone can trust this server anymore .

since admin rhez impersonating players data including this guids and reset them . reporting this to other admins to investigate the case .

you will be banned

run from tyrant if you can't hit it before it hit you

rant i raping your arm and you stay in place like bitch

are you noob ? if not why you camp this game ?

uneven , why you block ?

ok aimboter play alone

this server doesn't give you frags or what ?

and why you spam ? can't write one line ?

he is admin ? hehe sorry admin :p

stop push me and tk ?

so why you are here ?

what you doing ghost ?

hey gave you 500 , why you bleed me ?

where is your pride ? that you come at us at the end ? :p

cazzito !

such a pride

you are elite right ? so what you want ? they afraid you

atcs atcs it's boring , but not too long , and before tremor was long atcs

why ? it was blocking arm , blocking snipes

you know only black color flanking all game ?

in camping ? yes

yes someone thought it will be funny to remove chaingun and tyrant frags , this is not fun at all , it's just bad joke of bored admin

if stiffan is garbage so why he had most kills and you only few with tyrant ? dude be fair and admit you sucks instead of him

admins i know you just like to kick here players with reason gtfo but perhaps you can help with issue with

you will have ban here soon recorded your aimbot , so don't reply me even more cheater noone will protect cheating shit

aimboter demo will be posted

until you not remove protection from pk.asiimov and not ban him for aimboting which i recorded , i will leave this server and post it on forum

stfu bitch

will see when you fuck mums when your server will be down then what will left for you to fuck will be your dog unless he manage to escape first

still didn't learned lesson ? ok you will see what happens next

oh nice now i have your ip i know already who you are , aliasing with xd admin synn alias enneract

nice antivir nice refreshing from all shit here

you will stay outside together with your dog in his small building , when your server will be past

you want to know how true pussy looks like? come and see newb wearing battle suit and carrying painsaw in base :) , that is how true pussy looks like

lol now whole team of humans stay on turrets like pussies

rhez stop spam chat i don't see how they want to fuck enneract

lol look at newb now is first class pussy on rc top

admin synn aliasing xD and insulting players and their family . also abuse mute on me .

yes he's nub

lol big fart behind your corner

his tyrant looks even more funny with this name fart :)

you want to know how true pussy looks like ? and see newb wearing battle suit and carrying painsaw in base :)

enneract you are coward and i don't mean in game but there on your forum

yeah eat it enneract that's what you do and your reply only prove that what i think about and say about you

i added there my one post about blizz&truth and abused kick , and guess what happen ? the same as with all other complaints , i didn't got moderated

after that one post and when i saw all posts with issues are just closed , without fixing issues

will not post there anymore it's pointless since enneract is stupid fuck

once again you failed coward

so i don't care also

you gay are both so poor synn and enneract you have to abuse votes and doing shit in game just to feel better

guys , i bet with anyone you are poor scared kids in your lifes

look like your ass licker voting , so go hang yourself

you like homosexual ?

ok i camp too

wtf ? stop tk base

build arm useless troll

next idiot , and he destroyed two things and you revert one

tk and bleed in base , it was on purpose

gtfo troll fuck , it was purpose kill and bleed , and base tk in sd

i will find a fair admin to get you banned

wtf idiot ?

in area 52

humans start playing at 30 minutes so sd should be at start too

whatever kidman better sooner than later , sooner they get out then better

supposedly he didn't want to wait until you do it

let stiffan be proud like a peacock

stiffan you will have heart attack some day if you not stop exciting this game so much

yes you attack like true peacock

piece of shit :)

relax under palms in san diego

bb have nice sun

so who was that goon dumbass ? you shit

what about chinese ? is it easy also ? or japanese

try to speak and write something in both :)

the same goes for korean :) , tho they have a little more to understand / reading letters , if you can call it letters anyway

first you have to learn how to interpretate each simple chinese sign , then you can go for understanding sentences

i know only a bit chinese and a bit more japan some of korean , but to speak in chinese i admire you

but you realize that chinese is not one language even some chinese people learn other implementations for half of their lifes :) , not mention about mandarin

yeah rhez they will adapt in one way nuke us , some day

i don't see any hope for any adaptation in relations between us and china , if not china then for sure someone equal insane like korea or russia

yes he bleed us also in previous games

warper

go chakabaka , i will kill it , or humans will , already two near om

where you build what for ?

it is dumb when you broke it how you will play? + you would have to buy another one ,  double damage :)

that he don't like someone it doesn't mean he is racist at all

fillip how old you are ? i think you have to learn a lot especially in social relations

try no , i just joined and collect money

stop block

dumb team

base fine , some idiot bleed it

guys camp , this uneven this black guy is constant camping

they smokes , why you rant not attack ?

at least if you not help then not block

no reason to mute him

any admins online ? i suspect aimboter

lol aimed dretch and was hit by lc , sry avina

defend back of base , few aliens all time in box , including 1 rant

then stop bleeding us on medi ?

lame team

no decon what i build

noob vote

first show what i pm and how much then continue lie and noob voting

noob tyrant , was blocked in that moment when he jumped and fired on me

wtf viper ?

no need it's donation , i mean no need to ty everytime

build you crap

stfu crap

stfu crap mover

crap builder

crap coward u lost ur admin today

crap build gtfo

feel my pain !

want fast move ? i will tk it

what you want dick?

wtf you build stiffan ?

pls kick this gay , i hate him he ruin third game in row with his crap build

because you are coco

lemon why you change teams ? bad excuse to be traitor

stop block me

because you are coward pollack ? so get in mouth and stfu

wtf is this ?

first learn to play coco

stfu fat nigger

u fat nigger

you are bitch yourself , and you have your bitch punko , so mute him and rape him from back

all you can rape is your dick

stop abusing

not at all , i shit in any tags

yeah special people , normal in other way

don't get points for chaingun kill wtf ?

so who raped who tell me now ?

another lamer voter noob

gege this rant , not even scratch , lame goon

why more fat alien more attack ass

stfu gay

you mute your fucking mouth , stupid trolling bitch

and you get in ass without it punko

stfu fucking gay

maybe spam in other direction ?

yes i see you went confused

camping lemon noob

how you can scrim if you all time camp in normal game ?

camping shit whole game

those shy polish shit , and their trolling admin coward gay

fuck you polish lame shit

you only camp whole games like lemon do and have admin rights to abuse players to hide your shit

fuck off polish bitch you coward abusing and camping noob

they you go polish shit , who camp whole games , and try to hide it by abusing players

you are lame polish bitch camping all games nothing more or less

what you doing all ? defend noobs

medi idiot

if you are kicked so how you are still here ? asked you to build medi , you started to bleed me

because you bleed me then tk

because you bleed and tk me , and i asked only to build medi

repair fools

repair , or lose

dumbasses , repair rc , help rebuild

camping noob attack ass

chaka camper tyrant noob

noob , stop camp there in base tyrant

stfu shit team bleeder tker

sit there in your base with your head between your legs

your existence means no sense

harashamble dumbalbe

already up you crying harashamble dumbass

harashement / insulting / provokations

is there on the server any rule which not allow wearing offending names ?

if you love pussy why you attack my ass ? :p

fuck yourself tk

glory ? tyrant without kills

you are polish lamer

again tk on purpose

so fuck you admins

you are dick , polish lame bitch

go die polish shit

voting camping shit

fuck off , he bleed and tk first , so better kick him or fuck off or both

you see ? he even bleed our base and other mates

camping fat polish noob

even not getting points for rant kill

balance what exactly ? another rant whore camper?

maybe for you noob polish tyrant , camping games and trying to kick enemy

want to be banned polish bitch ?

lame pussy

sucks gay cocks polish pussy

polish pussies have no balls to play only to voting unfair and trolling

lame team changer noob camper

coward polish shit

fucking gay admin

fuck you troll

im from nigeria so i am a niggerian

stiffan stfu veneric cunt

shut up veneric mouth

including you ? or you claim to be pro ?

stop fucking crying lamer

aimboting shit

always crying stiffan in a corner of his base

cheating shit

aimboter , will report admins

sure i will you scum

anybody knows how launch tremulous full hd ?

i forgot how to build

anybody knows hd texture ?

you know only how to camp whole games pink pussy ? :)

mexican coward lol :)

i know you are a bit different than other nos members

this game never change since first gay joined it

shut up gay

staxx you play this game so many years and still you have to cheat and camp shit

camping game shit

staxx camping game shit no enemy to play with

gtfo go wilder

not stupid just gay

just protect my ass from you gay

go wilder with that gay admin shit

stfu noob

wilder seriously find another dead game to disturb people play troll shit

go away gay scum

camping stucked with balls in ass shit

camping whole gamy shit

fuck off from my pm synn

disturbing play sending shit pm spam , but what to expect from shit who come to game just to troll with dumb name

this camping whole game shit

good name for you would be stucked head in ass without balls

he and his gay who camp baslisk all game on bunker , his lame pussy

camping shit , whole game

staxx stucked with his head in ass whole game , because of such shit cowards , all waste their time for one long camping game

stfu slave gay

you are the second place disgusting shit in this game baslisk shit , and first plays annoying coward in the universe

nigger ? you gay all game camper shit call people niggers ?

gays lost , fun ?

you should be long time dead in life

sure if you had penis you would not camp games with baslisk on humans asses

it will be funny to see you dead some day i come to trem and you not

one big stupid gay troll less in nice old game

srsly you live useless pointless life

with your behaviour you should be already dead long time ago

god have no mercy for nice people

he's the same shit as you are , two morons with not a clue how to spend nice productive and awesome life , instead just siting in this old game and being cowards and trolling like in your lifes i bet

would you like to kill you shit ?

give me your real address when you live , i will end your pain

you will not give me valid address because you are big shit coward as in your poor life

if you have balls scared shit troll face gay kid you would not play faggot in old game

now stfu piece of gay

those niggers rape your ass daily several times a day , it can explain why you're here so fucked up with your sick mind and scared shited pants ass , with your silly baslisk around humans asses every one game

what you expect from your team when your name is crap ?

if your something is also little as your creepy name so don't worry with masturbating there's nothing to fap

camping cheating shit

now camp and cheat lamer

buy skills gay

if any admin is interested in will make video of your aiming md shit

or what ? and you think i care about it ?

fuck you and your treats

i don't give a shit to you

you are well know pathetic moron abuser , so fuck you

i don't fucking give even half of shit luffy to you

stfu scum

stfu abuser troll , cheating bitch

i don't have admin and even if i had , i would not treat players to abuse them , so suck me well scum

fuck off you started it shit

i don't have admin shut up pathetic treating players shit

if i have your true address you would be already dead scum

you are nothing to me

one shit stupid moron troll disturbing players play games in peace less

go they will laugh hard on you

gtfo you big stack of shit troll

luffy is like a name for a dog

but i know how to make french love

sit in the door with md and cry come , and you are so pro ?

fuck off luffy suck your dick , like dogs in their little kennels do , keep it in mouth and stfu

no your father

aimboting shit , siting behind door

you see ? you hit anything even behind second door , pathetic aiming shit

doubt it is , last time i read rules it wasn't

but anyway you pathetic shit have to aimboting to get kills in games ?

lame cunt

lol fucking aimboter

i done with you already

stfu shit

camping shit

trolling camping aimboting shit

noob

fuck off scum , was afk , lmao

wasn't your base you fucking aimboting moron

stfu piece of botting gay

silly shit , silly moron , killing afk enemy , and aimboting to get kills

silly shit

silly aimboting shit

acrabat do you have more aliases pussy ? so stfu pussy shit

yes smile now , pussy

you already eat shit or your name its your shit ? duno

haze botting pussy have to cheat to get kills in old game

you stfu yourself i don't fucking give a shit to you

sure you do you would play norm without aiming if you had skills silly pussy

luffy go back to your kennel shited pants dog

yes also your mouth , every time you write you open it shit comes from it , fucking silly troll

no i'm sober every one knows in tremulous you are just a little piece of shit , trolling and treating players with your admin rights , silly gay

i'm done with this shit for today

gtfo botting pussy

tell this pity gay luffy that he sucks as twice more then other gays : he has l6 and still have to cheat on dretchstorm and ban people no reasons

fuck you lame tyrant

fuck you admin noob scum abuser coward shit , fucking pussy

abusing mute just to hide he is shit noob in this game

i shit on your gay mouth

admin noob can't play like man so abusing mute to hide he's a pussy

sucking gay cocks pedo

i shit on your coward face

you pussy shit

b like bi , or just coward gay , so fuck you cunt

abuser

pussy in game with tyrant camping and flanking noob the same goes for your poor life i guess

pussy

fucked in ass pussy shit

answer me pussy , no balls even for that ?

shit pussy cunt

as expected , little fucked in ass chicken shit

not to you shit , to admin who abuse players and play camping tyrant and flanking gay , and mute players to hide true

fucking pussy cat

fuck you and your map , fucked in ass pussy

set next map to pussy b(i) sexual gay camping games with tyrant flanker shit

lol , jetpack with lc , another pussy noob

kill in second , cheating fk shit

he hit me one time with shotty , and goon dead

not on time to hide fat noob ?

cheating shit abusing players with mute raped from back gay

admin noob pedo

where and why kick shit ?

b like bitch

change your life to real life , :)

weird settings here don't you think guys ?

go back to your corner camp carbon gay

suck me gay

it's weird you like to talk to yourself maybe you have to visit your doctor ? but i can understand that if there's noone else around you and your console of course , so it's better to say hi to someone then noone , :)

maybe rather fat big lamer

camping corners noob

fuck you camping whole game stupid named pussy cunt

maybe sodomio ? fat shit

stfu pussy

next gay starting with camping tyrant

yes some pussy attacked out empty base

camping whole game shit r like retards , afraid to attack enemy face to face like men

r like fucking retard coward

stfu grey

as your name stfu

camping gay

camping gay shit

type killer

gay shit camping attacking empty base , but what to expect from pink gay shit

come back flanking pussy

wtf how i did it ? grenade oh , sorry you are blind

pink shit camper tyrant noob

gum dick in mouth

camping gum protected noob pussy

i don't know you so how never that is first , and camping noob tyrant will not help you win

sure , tamponing his pussy :)

stfu gum , pity pussy cat

wtf ? now repair that shit

gum stfu and continue fat tyrant camp scum

gtfo from my pm , pussy cat

fuck off you little gay scum camping and flanking all game shit

fat gay noob

lamer

put your gum in your pussy coward

maybe cumming , okamin

gtfo gay scum pussy shit camping all game rant

admin shit noob

gtfo gay scum pussy shit camping all game rant

newb you sucks gay dicks daily fucking pussy camper all game

alatir stfu slave

gum in mouth and suck it

you used to be man , but you became slave giving asses to other gays

stop tk arm

pink gay

altair you not been even once in our base stfu slave scum

newb so gtfo back to sucking and taking dicks in ass in that you are the best gay

camping big pussy

who gave newb admin rights such pussy camp all games not deserve srsly , and makes people annoyed , but what to expect pussy in game pussy in life

gay like you coward shit , will not tell to whom give admins , fucking noob

catch aids gay scum

shit camping all games whole games literally and dare to answer

fucked in ass noob

who think newb is coward gay f1

newb you fucked in ass pussy camping literally all games with tyrant

fuck you gay

carbon corner fapping dicks ?

stfu bitch

such pussies

wait till this little scared gay newb leave the server , then others will play games without gay camping all games

newb literally noob camping whole game

stfu gay, for me you are fucking noob scared gay, all game camp with tyrant

admin ? gay slave want to mute me for nothing

stfu gay scum , noone will build for shity gay like you

lol i offended high admin :) , now i'm fucked up , if i care

coco in mouth ape

you first , so stop bothering players

offending sucking cocks

you suck them so you offer to others pity gay

no you are better , old mom , years of experiences

yeah now i see it , french dicks sucker

french kisses every day , like pro whore

lol nos i knew already you are gay , but hiding within boxes surprises me

yeah i admit i like french kisses , and french girls

e.atshit you know what ? eat shit :)

why he should to do that ? not enough greetings for today ?

shit , i saw blue dot behind corner , i swear i thought it's human :)

no thx , eat shit :) , srsly sorry was writing

lol altair woke up after 27 minutes of game first outside attack

altair as always lost , camping in base

from sterminator your should only have minator in base , alias give all for free camping all game in base

sure pussy , lie more

are you stupid ? or just shit

camping protected gay shit , whole fucking game , ridiculous coward

so why you " play " all game siting in base noob ?

what's desala ? don't know what you mean

camping whole game pussies losers

wtf ? 3 hits you not die ? shit no hack

this sperkitz looks near like you oblivion

spam noob

that was not so smart base move ? so fast base rape ?

wtf again noob move ?

noob build again

i thought admin use skills to play as goes for admin rights

i don't like then also , and even worse when admin is cheater

because you are admin and feel safe protected and hidden by admin rights ?

you will not cheat experienced player , i mean you will not deceive me

are you surprised ?

fucking aimboter in base

fuck off aimboting silly shit

oblivion demote this aimboting shit and ban it , srsly wtf ?

is aimboting allowed on your server ?

aimbot shit

i leave server , no point to feed admin shit aimboter

fuck you noob

aimboting silly pussy , you sucks cocks gay

suck this shit server , admin allowed to aimboting

so fap in silent and stop pm me shit

you wish to fuck my mom but you can only dream about scum

you fat fuck blocking all teammates

gtfo you fat shit , swping all around like crazy fat gay

fat moron lead alien's team end of trem world

punky you piece of gay , stop bleed

old whore

fuck you warn shit who bleed on purpose

first fucking watch this shit then warn the one guilty

stfu gay , bleeding stupid shit

you are , slave shit

suck bleeding gay dick gay

kronik is slave of old gays

lol kronik you gay , you call others retards and you have r like retard in name , bitch slave

stfu carbon shit

yeah kiss him in ass

lol another gay

server for shits

fuck shuffle in ass abuser gay

phillip sorry but the only true is that what you own is actually your shit in your toilet noob

stop cheating camping shit , stupid aimer

now you can spam my pm

spam pm with msg noob camper only camping

so fix his spam ok ? then dumbly cancel votes noob

i didn't pm you even once

lied shit

troll scum

lied bitch

why only @ this server such morons exist

ok shit i can play without writing but you fuck you troll

fuck you and your server fucked in ass admins allowing to trolls dicky voting

fucking abusing votes shit voting to spec playing players

mario fuck you dickhead

mario you polish shit allowing moving to spec playing players , fuck you cunt , admin shit

shit on you , polish bitch

mario fucked in ass moron allowing moving to spec playing in peace players

fuck off gay

stupid dickhead

mario fuck you gay raped in ass allowing unfair voting shit , you weak shit

cu like cunt ultimate

raped in ass admin noob

stfu lame shit

weak shit admin allowing moving to spec fair players

shit on your face mario gay

weak ass admin shit

stfu camping gay

you can get dick in ass or in mouth

to support camping shit ? no thx

cry fat noob

two camping noobs lol

stfu team changer

lol noob changed teams and voting sd

lol , this spam

not so great to be honest changing teams and voting sd then attacking empty base from flank , to me you look like coward

camping gay

what you doing shit ? why you tk base ?

imbecile

fuck off idiot , ruin game tk base

literally dumb shit , tk own base

no admins here ?

you save base are you stupid you just shoot empty base imbecile

didn't see even one alien when you spammed base

shit voting / troll voting specing playing players fucking admins do nothing on this polish shit server fuck you in ass

retard , move ass blocker

can someone tell sidra i'm not his target ? he disturbing play pounce me all time and block

reported you sidra

reasons block / pounce and i died because of his blocks

intentional blocker disturb play

fuck off scum admin

autismhc good name for gay like you who allow blockers and players ruining games causing teammates die , fuck shit

autismhc alias gay shit

can you ban sidra please?

i see you are admin are you able to ban for intentional block and pounce teammates ?

i can't play in the same team as sidra because he block and pounce me on purpose causing me die

coward gomek

lol americans sucks

the same noob

you us noob

next game now you camp human

noob us , you us gomek

look guys this us noob call himself hero and camp eggs

first learn play american not camp

scared americans camp game in their base

and with what you want to kill us ?  with your camp ?

cowards americans

yes noob

you tk me two times , third i call to kick you

you tk us un base and bleed

yes you shut us in base many times , and run like nothing happen

this sever has admins ? who of you can spectate this bleeder ? i don't lie

stop block

another noob , decon rc and say nothing

bad builder

dumb as red meat

stop ads

bleeder in our base

why one should fuck you noob ?

sad you have l3 , really , you are annoying as fuck

to let you kill nodes like in atcs ?

wtf ? gtfo , base killer , no it was lc , mother fucker

idiot , be happy not banned

we play all game to have base killed by one dumbass

enneract is a pussy of all times

maybe you fought pussies but i don't

fuck this server owner , that pussy never learns

noob server , owned by pollack with german roots so what you expect

you see ? now i connect

lol , luca chill

jealous pollack shit

admit you afraid of me , pussy

i talk about you being pussy

admin abuser weak player

plot is admin pollack abuse rights on his server

what clan ? clan in being lame in game both as admin and play ?

i have throw up

what i have to you be fair player more fair admin not that abomination

you have no balls no pussies inside you i can understand , but at least try to be more fair

coward

no reason , is a coward

next brain pls

restart server to not be dumb ai

be not pussy

taki serwerek to powinien gnic w koszu

widzisz co to jest ?

gowno pogania gown

nowet ten admin ssie pale

mam na mysli to co przeczytales powyzej

to znaczy napucz sie kurwa swojego jezyka palo

this is sever with maps you can play but you have only trolls in it

kurwa pedale z konsoli

czemu mnie renamujesz kurwo

why pedal z konsoli mnie przerenamowal ?

bo to ciota proste jak drut

taki jebany tchorz

gowno z konsoli smierdzi jak gowno , proste

obawia sie ze wygram znow gre

as usually on this sever , quick blow no game , rename player

i bet someone is a pussy

std for this server is being a pussy

wiec nie pierdol mi wiecej wierszy o tym gownie

chcesz grac to graj ale w gre nie w ciote ze mna cioto

so kelly hi why they do that ?

try lasgun

wish i have lasgun and lc at the same time

now i know why they do it here

lost prediction so in game noobs , then do shit

it's encoded , for now

you can't understand true ai

can i blame server ?

i blame hot dog for being hot and dog not server

getting annoying so much , various reasons

you kill just what's left for you , disturbed your it

yes good identification no game in action

so one again who do it for no reason

acid you cerk really ?

sure , negative positive

become faggy rather i say

i lost few pints to figure out trolls still here and bans are removed sometimes , now let's play

pint for you then

my low intelligence lowered to 999

now make me know player , and no i not ask for it

ah you mean irish bcs of pint ?

more players cerk

aimbot win

stfu ?

i don't die

i will suck weed

still don't want to play

guys cerk don't want to play , period

your master

i need help with a doctor who get cowards in my wc

as hot dog at a dog end

i would say don pader de noob

so you play coza nostra ?

vote for riot cannon

whose server is most power vs me , that one who resist to play when i play

get on fuckcord to be fucked in ass , literally

no offence rhez

sure rhez

i have an idea lets you play map another than atcs then we play fools after that and then i will join

what's is lagged eu which is up for a week ? where's it ?

again where's it ? on the list ? not here ? will check it out on sunday

this server still don't want to play

yes because it looks like the one , sucking blood no play shown

rhez needs +1 level , he asked it some time ago , said lost that nice one , it was nerfed level

why you not start talk shit talk at all ? who deny you

since that is hard troll one without me even playing

start build trappers and i will play

cortex above sterminator can't be

sorry don padre

see how $ bullshiting his base with a lc

no way i join one who bleed it

yes rhez , that's it

fuck sake in ass and be cool

who want to speak french ?

i speak french making sex

as that $ inner hacks , forgive me a joke , i can't resist

now you can rest in peace laughing

warning server is not allowed to change map

dark castle is ok

yes it's move om , and on

is this ac ? i mean alcoholic anonymous

let dark castle pass after this one

walking on weed , would be no floors

when we start to play?

pregance

having parrots as children , would be not so hard , weight a lot less

point is you have fun here not enemy , but speak

fun would be mistaken with anything , and skills also

can we speak about weather in italy , or about pigeons in all countries

you are ok 11 kills and building , i am impressed

depends if you aim on face or on balls , or anywhere else , that is the worst

ass is good aiming if you jump thru goon

i wold comment on that , but again you will troll and not understand

ask ispanico if she is a coward

named it was better when i was in team yes?

can i write pm ? admin ignore it

it seems tip didn’t worked

who camp ?

it's not about me or who camp or not

i can attack if  i have a chance to do so

i won like pro since no fight and win , but i won nothing , correction team won i don't

i wrote not too much playing

pluto you are a faggot , and coward

don't want to face true player why you do shit ? just play , in my team or in another universe

tell me what is cumis ? in your opinion

put me in aliens rhez

of what ? good use of your admin rights ? or proper

rhez you are idiot not admin

this server should be called coward without skills , resist playing , just doing shit

rhez pls , shut the fuck up

l6 admin should be helpful sometimes ?

there where i wanted to go to opposite team

what you exactly has in your dumb mind ?

ah not you , that admin is so troll

what admin , just a chicken

pluto polluting lives uter orphant , without skills or anything good in this game

it was , read above coward admin

uter is wrong ? so you are uter dumb

uter is like your live you are still so dumb , or you mean mutter

pluto , i told you , read above

pluto you are bad joker , as well as coward as pussy , not mention your skills to play this game

troll up

what for this all communications notifications if you just troll ?

i mean communication in game on line is ok , but if they play game you would know it , if you are conscious

just resist to me playing

just to understand you are troll not admin ? i don't have to play to understand it twice

i wonder why you play here mostly , why ? so many servers still up

all can play no reason to sit here as a slave and being trolled

i mean no reason sit here and try to play no matter what if so many servers are still up and running , especially of the above troll and so on no skills , i mean not players

not even want to face you in game being fair , them not me

czego kurwo ?

parle vu de france ? speak francais ? canadian ?

stfu rhez stop troll

gavaritie pa ruski ?

ainz cwei drei , oh that is in rom , xd

i want to join a game , which is purified of trolls and skilled

players doesn't count in this case , i mean players are innocent

humans won because it's simple troll win and noone want to play vs me , then players

point is ?

i don't have to join to know who is coward

yes i joined , and played

my simplicity cord of english circuits is so underestimated

as elon musk says

elon said many things , to be honest rhez

i did , in other words , you can sit here

oh you mean you , ok be self

i told you you are a bit out of place

blizz how about ai | 0 / 1 / or

is that exclude anything ? or is not exclusion

derp

alone smegma

values doesn't matter , what it matters is context

just play play deep and play when you find opposite player , it's deep thought

play guys , and girls , and , i just joked in deep in my mind , but joke includes a clue if not so many

if you call evacuation a game

that rc seems to be on right part of place

what's m5 ?

i mean it is 5 cm of gloom of 2,5 cal of 5

no ice and blue , so not so normal

who likes who i am so confused

i like static fire of rocket if it have to reach a moon for example

still no play vs me

i know i don't join

i join when i predict sanity in simple game

team of shit

go away flying shit

team of shit , two matches in row

3 times is a charm ?

celebrating what ?

blocker

i think the same one who said is using brain

at least i play not like you

am i a prophet ?

team is building something to win this time

fat boy

-progress

still waiting for some challenge as playing in game

abuser

rhez abuser

fuck off abuser shit

it's shit in any way , not even show off

so will you play or not ? without abusing admin rights , like rhez

i see you will not play

shit scum

porco dio

set it to kurwa pl

you should set it to kurwa.pl

bcs they sucks , or you suck , i don't care , primo secundo , por favore

who speak other langugage than english ? not mention spanish and portugese ?

we speak so many languages and lose so simple game

why shoot me?

ciota.pl

lame

server is a coward

coward server

what you did kermit you nearly blow yourself

i don't like scared pussies

you nearly blow yourself so try to guess more , who you are

i don't blow pedos like you

now ? of eternal one ?

you can't touch my testicles

i fuck turrets in ass , also for free

more cheat pls ?

imagine calling shit in old game , and still no competition

cheat is not problem on this server

that you sucks ?

decon that server

oui

shut up abuser

i own all shit on my way

any more comments ?

nice aimbot , coward

bitch is calling you

so lame server

kermit is a pedo , like this server , still pussy , ridiculous

server has evolved ? or still grow a pussy ?

sure you can't

i am blaming server , being coward , still

scrims ? in this pathetic coward server ?

stfu pollack , pussy

lol , you helped dretch

fat camper

you got shit as always , at least ae used goon

don't cry for me valentino

go camp in camping , noob

not on my ass , admin pussy

die

read above , for further qes ask more , best of its kind

rather a crush

i mean if you find a hole , or love , not that you crash a game

not too slow just too many cowards or so few players

kai pussy

-kai

i knew it , pussy hek pussy

fuck u dretch

fuck andrew pussy helps kai pussy

fuck pussies always join pussies

kai pls go

i just hope andrew will lose

-andrew

pussy helps pussy

fucking booster ?

can we have booster

lol all pussies joined hummies

shh pussy

its makes me laugh when pussy joins stronger team so they afraid to lose

andrew u are like kai , pussy

lol but u are pussy mentally , like kai

u want to know why kai is pussy ?

lol that warp

lol oneill u are very good , u improved a lot i think , do u play every day ?

632 ? he i drunk i think

gg and bb night

you are a dick

noob server

rather trolls

dumbify for server coward

now tk me

don't say it loud

next time you bleed me in base i will fuck you in ass

gay

cowards

go sucks dicks pedo

your rocket got fucked up twice in space already , so go suck dicks more pedo

the best is you sucks and still keeping smiling , best failure ever

that is how this server ended up about 2-3 years ago , nothing changed

rather idiots

how cheap to be not registered as mrs mr

lol , one more hit

go fuck yourself in both outputs , let us play

aimboter

sad french shit

u pedo

i wish i had day off

abuser , you should die , pussy

and i want to to stop being a faggot

can you camp harder now pussy ?

fucking team , leave you alone all time

idiot killing afk

fuck yourself abuser

8 eggs and now 1 ? shit server

maul all of this hit

rice you are a noob

don't talk , don't play , or i call you a pussy

impressive in which way ?

so ? what ?

he is not , and he is not he , or she

sure , noob should die

i have no competition , not any part to play with me , but why ?

yes don't give up , i'm not it

my name is oma::desala

my name is what you call it wrong oma::desala , but i am the one , so you see

my name is oma::desala and other names who defeat you

u beaten evil of trem ?

what you need is more true players for now

i mean more players and tru fight

i am with you

if it was one on me it would be interesting , is someone would be worth of it , but in ml player game i prefer some skilled vs some also worth it

i win of course , as always

don't hesitate pluto , and i am your padre rhez

camera obs ?

meet me in my bed

why i have no place to play a game

server chicken out vs me

you can still buy skills , at some point

i am in not that kind of games

you make no sense

i mean you play a game like a parrot , and parrot is not your faith

so continue to use aimbot

as your mom carlos

more players you pussy

lmao ? give apologise to carlos

stupid

for once you still suck , and we have no players

have never seen more fucked up server than this one

i will send you police to your house

no , you just lagged me out

i'm afraid you are dumb as your statement is , i used it to prove you you are shit

so you have it and what you do with it ? i don't see any agenda

kermit 1 1 , come in any place

you are a pussy

i call my chicken my pet , 1 1 pet

so you got it

coward

you are a coward still

ok , good luck puss , ;)

i don't have any enyement with pussies

kermit you are a coward

why not kermit anyway will chicken out

kermit needs a girl , such a pussy

do i analyse anything pussy ?

puss 1 v 1

crouch puss , bound above me

oh you are chicken

oh you are puss

kill that admin abuser

it seems admin is chicken , still

pussy

pussy kermit , why not ban me ? bcs you are a coward

1 v 1 , pyssy

call your self a pussy and i consider myself you are worth of 1 v 1

kermit puss

tk more , as kermit doing shit

1 v 1 kermit , pussy

you just do fuck up , puss

why y waste time pussy ?

first prove you are worth it

1 v 1 kermit

coward kermit

still ? oh , you are a pussy

not unlucky , just a pussy admin

me ? you wish to

sad

lol , fucking dopamine

pathetic

no your mom in canada

how , is no the answer

rhez is a coward

is u , pussy

rhez go be coward elsewhere

so 1 v 1 ?

we entering in crypto world aren't we just there yet ?

can i sum your poll up ?

i will summarize it for you shit sometimes looks like something shinny

you should remember people who invest in crypto not all are stupid , also take care of more than investing in it

you mean pampers proof ? nothing can be

yes gold shine bright but it's always gold ?

what about investing in dogecoin ?

oneill you just shine in my eyes , that's complement

alice in the hole ?

i think alice in wonder smth is better

oh well

move my accuracy from everything right to i have no idea

you still put your self in that hole alice ?

you know what high polish gov idiot said ? don't go that way ... but actually he was right , but he was influenced by .

keep self in right position

pmw in aliens is , i know , but i root for smth , noone will know

they bleed themselves since long time , no sweat

mine is still on target

and why you failed you was in humans ?

was long nice survivor , and you ruined it

we need smth else , or we doesn't count me

oh alice don't drop this hole

so you can wait and drink , or get a break

dying for nothing is like losing pluto from pmw

pluto is a precious planet , not in my climate but still we're here

x what's your fav map ?

glad to hear that

there are plenty maps to deal with

yep good games is a must

sure we will do better in some point later

if others agree we can do transit for you

i like all , what is not against me

because it's like it has to be , atcs is for all , so also for not like players

alice found its hole , i mean your last comment

transit it wise , so transit it is

but you wanted it no ?

you know i could crush your butt in any map , but i just wanted to have fun , so i do it

oh pleased to see you riwalla

but it's already base in a bunker ?

i don't , i forgive all cowards

i like clean harry low profile , but you are involved now , so what's your point ?

you need what ?

still attractive in some point

so now transit ? so here you go , next map is harry's one

hell no

oh fuck so early

menace it well

so i'm watching you alice

don't leave a base menace and you will be good in bed

riwalla are you happy ?

why not masstress ? or masterine ?

yes , woman of the all , bcs ariana grande is

i low that woman who elon likes

grimmesh ?

this map it is , as asked for

can't be degenerated w/o you watching it

i am bir degenerated in any case

ah it was that humans leader in polish government who said don't go that way

say what you want dude , stop swating

yep about anuses

i will say no word

be yourself

i will only add this if you have an anus in your mouth how you can speak?

reminds me neo in trouble , but still he managed to survive

lets suck mine smth , but you can argue freely

alice , be cool

several bans on this server i don't know what to do with it , remove it all is good idea

rather chinese one i suppose

that wasn't nice huge

no more free huges , now you have pluto

so pluto why you accuse one of smth if you are still lamer ?

no aimboting

fuck off pluto

i said fuck off pmw

french pussies

noob server

just do next map scum

alice you are dumb idiot

alice in his shit land has molested by his own dumb admin rights

with admins ? you are piece of shit , at all not only being admin

you used to be player right ? but now you are to be as you are , a shit in all

no you killed yourself in being a coward

how can you be sane to play with pussy sever abuser?

i give you one fuck off

reply to what ? me ?

i am not so dear , not even deer

ok worship me if you want , i don't care

i want to meet a one who is worth it

pk was good clan , i respect it

how much you are active ?

so , you see

just my point is stop abuse rights on the server , because you server nothing

if you afraid smth just drop a word to me

you wish you can catch me

what you do is not my issue , you are as your name

i love dustin , he is straight forward

alice why you play a fool ? for real

i will die

as do i

i will allow you play what you want

i will go to toilet ok ?

your mouth is save with me

what i have to do ? next map atcs , or what ? or make me silent

have fun

next map or ?

we moving game on ?

do what you want , we can play here , your choice

ukraine

yep , as badly

ya rus fuck that up on that i can agree

so you see

map restart ? :p

we sit here i'm admin

let you drug out , what say you ?

ah , i am so stupid

i can keep this connection , but you have to pay back

i'm uber for catherine

wake up

csgo is no go

noob

no god just me

just me and your ass

talking shit poodle , go spend us time

you have no brain ?

fuck out cat , i don't play for pussies

hehe , i can drink sleep and win

rhez that insane shit

i am idiot

boring , zero now

game of novices

sorry humans

i am your pain in pinta

don't bite my ass

next your dream is me

i suck at all

cat you are moron , that you host anything not explain that you are moron , don't you agree ? but you got what you want cat , so enjoy

let's do boring me after 1 hour

sure you don't know man , i'm sure of that

hey let's get sex after match , then play again

i respect all kinds of kinds , all sex all no brains all loses , as cat did to my team

what my no cat ?

we meet in bar

do you feel that you lie in bed and you have noone to huge ? except your pet and other shit around ?

i need a huge , i'm alone virgin

and what if i give my number , and i will occur to be fat boy underground , tasting you

catherine do you want to taste me ? study my all ?

you can't touch me even , so do you want my number ?

stop teasing me pls , i'm already horny

we ended up like a deep morons chating here , not meeting each other even

chat with me , i'm bored

u know what ? go to sleep cat then we give me a huge , or your number , or do what you want , i am all yours

i need a huger

zaapy is owning arch linux ?

zakky you fat boy , you're mine

fuck off looser

ok i go to sleep , sorry , call it again

happy cengo ?

good bye lads

